You fuck your dad.
shut the fuck up. you and the rest of your faggot friends should be burned at the stake
Either you are fake or extremely stupid...maybe both...
That you are an idiot who understands neither taxation nor women's health.
FOR SOME REASON U SOUND RETARDED. LOL. DAMN. WHERE U BEEN NEGRO
You with the 'racist' screen name..You are a PieceOfShit..........
your such a dickhead...
Your a retard go post your head up your #%&*
Allinit123, your hypocrisy is sickening, you ignorant loser.
I can't believe the stupid people on this site that have no idea what is going on. You fools. You are all useful idiots. They are hiding the truth because you fools who protect him would look like the useful idiots you are.
fucking behave then you prick!
Is that it?? your sum total to any conversation is first abuse and then calling them a troll.. You are a typical socialist idiot. Keep up your non existent class warfare, it is as pointless as you.
faggot
Aimless Abe you are a delusion weirdo that should be locked up inside and kept away from computers. Anyone who doubts the lunacy of Abe the moronic prog frog from NYC please read this thread and you will see Abe completely come apart from the seams and go off the deep end.
Even as a troll you are a pathetic failure.
You're a moron, truth is beyond your reach
Your anti Semitic rants are not welcomed here. You are a racist moron..FU!
god, you're tiresome. get a life, you loser.
Fact : Georgia passed a strict immigration policy and most of the Latino farm workers left the area. Vidalia Georgia now has over 3000 agriculture job openings and they have been able to fill about 250 of them in past year. All you White Real Americans who are looking for work that the Latinos stole from you..Where are you ? The jobs are i Vadalia just waiting for you..Or maybe its the fact that you would rather collect unemployment like the rest of the Tea Klaners.. You scream..you complain..and you sit at home in your wife beaters and drink beer..Typical Real White Tea Klan....
Of course you would bottom feeder ...
You are a fukin moron. You are just butthurt that you got rejected on WIkipedia...Call yoursilf scolar or whatever. I am better than you, just 14 and already a Wikipedia administrator. You are just a stupid ashole.
You are a fucking dumb ass!. Go back to you Xbox dickhead. Grow up you little fanboy.
Lets see your papers arealconservati...Till then shut the fuuk up sticky chin.
Correction Bitch! You don't think it's superb because your hating ass doesn't know talent..And Again I am still waiting on you to submit a video of you singing..Where is the youtube link? I am sure you will get all kinds of rave reviews lol
I think the only trickle that effected you was the trickle of sperm your dad gave your mom and most of that trickled down her leg. Go back to sleep, we will wake you when you are needed again.
And you keep on your knees and keep telling yourself that is a sausage in your mouth. And that is cream cheese you are swallowing.
fuck you both
and retards like you back to the institutions.
Pig Maher, you forgot your meds again. You know you are one sick SOB so don't forget.
Mr. King isn't it about time you either grow a pair of balls or join the democrats who will love a pussy cat like you.
What an ass you are...funny I see a lot more of you nuts in cars then I ever have of pilots in panes...
You can take international law and shove it. You are such a schmuck, I don t know why I even comment on your idiotic posts. The peace activists on the ship started hitting the soldiers with weapons in order to kill the.
The most evil, callous, vile, creature in all of mythology is your made up god. Stop killing and eating babies, you dirty christard!
You're a complete and utter moron.
Your still a loser, man we must have really gotten under your skin lol
Nothing was confirmed in the 19th century you moron. There was no modern medical science to prove ANYTHING. Dont try to quote from the same period of time that brought us the Spanish Inquisition. You are the lowest of the low, i feel sorry for you.
My best friend who is allergic to wheat, corn, soy, red dye, yellow dye, pistachios, tree nuts, kiwis, cherries, oranges, bananas, and seafood. If she gets anywhere near the smell of seafood her lungs constrict and she can no longer breath. Last week she got cut by a dog leash that had pistachios on it and almost went into anaphylactic. I know a little about food allergies. ..I asked my friend if she thought it was rude and selfish of someone to want food allergies so they could die. She said you are a bitch. So I do not really think it is insulting that she wants food allergies so she can die. I think we're back to you're a bitch.
floyd has a better knock out percentage than pacman you dumb fuuuuck
You are one sick puppy.
Can I say dick on here?.Your a dick.
The way this fucking hoodrat is standing in that picture is boiling my blood. I'd like to meet this cunt in an alley for a few minutes. Selfish fucking twat.
How old are u 12? ..Knicks fan BEEYATCH!!!..Not a Melo ball licker!!!
BITCH NIGGA YOU NEED AN EYE EXAM, AND EYE GLASSES! CASSIE ONE OF THE FINEST WOMEN ON EARTH!
Nothing worse then a idi0t who smugs because of who he is, Gay
You're a child rapist in NY. You have admitted it MANY times you sick fuck! You have no room to talk.
Anti American piece of shit you are
Have you be sipping at th e sacramental wine again?..You really are a dense little dude.
Howe does it feel to be a Freedom Leech parasite?
Moron, the Latinos are becoming a large voting block you can't just dismissed them like you did with blacks, gay, women and other minorities..You need a majority to win and all whites don't buy your crap
You are stuck on stupid obviously...give me a break and don't vote..moron
who told you that....stupid ask yourself who kick his daughter out of the house at the age 16.....when it's comes protecting weaman you guys the last ppl on earth who can open their mounths..
Ight ima get in on you mr. Army man or w.e. the fuck you are. I have family fighting on battle field right now atleast 20 members are all juggalos. Just like me you little ick sucking divk whipped bitch. If you have the time to sit here and talk shit about family then you obviously aren't doing your job fighting for our country your busy trying to start another world war with the juggalo family so shut the fuck up and grow a pair you pussy.
Are you retarded? You think Iraq & Afghan were avenging deaths? Lol.. get yourself checked buddy.. even bush would laugh at you.....There is a reason why we are proud of India.. cuz we are not like US or Israel who will or can go to war at the drop of a hat.. on the long run even that is proving costly to them.. ..So wake up.. We are talking about Music here not War.. you dumb moron
piiisii ... apparently knows nothing about cold facts..Republican Trolls make us all sick with their non factual crap..You can cry until 2016 ... your lies mean nothing to intelligent people
You as stupid as you were yesterday.
There are a lot of morons posting on this site but you are in a class all by yourself.
You are a Moron.
suck my dick yeaah babby pussy
Autumn..... You are, and Idiot. ..Red Flag #102 Girls with No sense of Humor.
That's because you're a nobody.
Yo this my nigga right here! my n my boi lil b fuck bitches on the regular, we fucking everyone bitches. tell yo boys that yo bitches aint safe when Mel Gibson n Lil B rollin out on a bitch hunt
You are incredibly stupid....
Why did you do that? Because you smell like dog poo. You're so stupid, just like dog poo. You're made outta poo!
yeah I'm pathetic but your the idiot going around trolling other teams pages. Why don't you get f#$@ing life you little sh1thead.
ugly bitch go prostitute yourself so dat you can buy a big enough pant bottom to cover your gigantic ass
You're a pussy ass punk.
haha...atleast get your insults straight you idiot!!....
I still dont see why half of you niggas click on every video that he post on wshh just to hate. If he so wack why the fuck you even click the video. #BASED
i bet you are a white devil or cracker
You are human garbage.
We'll leave the fanaticism to morons like you, criminal.
Can we have your address so that when you die we can all come and pay our respects, and then urinate into your urn before they flush it?
More people on here than you, you cunt.
I think it clearly displays your lack of rational thought if you truly believe that.
FACT.. YOU ARE A MORON
U dad already ashamed of u cuz he dnt know if u really his son cuz your mom was sucking and fuc.king the crew back in da days..lmao...now u grew up to hate black men wit money cuz u know dsts what your mom is looking for..lol..tell her I'll pass up on dat a.ss cuz it got to many miles on it howeva she can give me some slow head...lol..lol..lol...
cortez u callin niggas soft but u look soft as hell too my nigga
How does trolling for Obama pay? Pretty well? What? No pay? You're an idiot, don't breed.
You are a child.
Hang on, Eduardo, what's your home address? i'll come forcefully kick .your door down, take over your house, if you try and kick me out, i'll .seriously physically harm you, because as you pointed out, right to self. defence!! I hope you realise how retarded your argument is, truely!
Little girl, you, YOU of all people make that statement. How dare you after all your feminist/misogynist bullshit....Oh, and toots, anytime you want to try anf follow me up a 21,000 foot. mountain at 64 degrees North Latitude and not whine, bitch, complain or. get cramps, you just go ahead and sign up. ...You are a nypocrtical piece of shit. And anytime sweetheart. Anyplace. on the planet. You think you have a bteer pain threshold or the ability. to follow along in my footsteps, you just raise your delicate little .hand. The first whine oir moan out of youy when in the field, and I will. have a dozen cameras on you and make sure the world knows what a whimpy. little hypocrite you are....Pussy...Fuck you...Don't call me toots ...I'm disabled, and CAN'T follow you up a mountain of ANY size...I also deal with CHRONIC FUCKING PAIN, DAY IN, DAY OUT...Meow meow, fuckstain.
WHAT PART OF GO BACK TOO SCHOOL AND LEARN HOW TO STRING A PROPER LEGABLE SENTANCE TOGETHER DID YOU NOT UNDERSTAND DO YOU NEED A FUCKING DIAGRAM..It is obviouse your a women as you havent learnt anything go baack to the bottom were you came from until you make sense ..JUST A WASTE OF SERVER SPACE SAME AS ALL WOMEN. I DOUBT EVEN HUGE BLACK COCK IN YOUR FILTHY HOLE WOULD SHUT YOU UP MORON.
The comments on twitter shows that it was to embarrass Tyler. If there was not intent of that then why would you do such a stupid idiot move as this? We are all legally adults by the time we go to college (unless you are a major genious), so it's time to start thinking like one.
WHAT THE FUCK SUN!!! WHY ARE YOU NOT POSTING MY COMMENTS!!! ILL TELL YOU WHAT I WONT FUCKING BOTHER WRITING MY OPINIONS THEN!!! ILL JUST FUCKING SAY NICE THINGS ABOUT ALL THESE SYSTEM ABUSING SCUM BAGS SHALL I.............DECENT
Flagged, you're a real dick.
I Made a Joke.....A Joke you did not get.... A pun on color if you will..You need to Relax. Look at my Pic. I'm a white guy calling white coaches dumb....If you cant get that, then you must be 10 y/o.
You're female, gay, or both.
before calling others stupid you gay piece of shit you should check the spelling of your own username because it seems that you forgot to complete its spelling. Dild....o? Dildo? *ur extremely gay
suck a dick pussy ass nigga bitch!!!
hey rynthih95 who the hell r u speaking on sachin ..shut up u fucking ass [[midfing]]
Soooo, what you 're saying is that YOU were a bully then, and you sound like one now...With a name like klanman , you must be a member of the KKK...After looking at your profile and reading some of your posts, you seem to be a vile, pathetic loser full of hate. Your mother must be real proud.
hey jurbinsky your mom's a pile of garbage why don't you shut up.
You really are a fool.
go back to sucking your neighbors dogs dick
shut the fuck up
really ? you'd better be prepared for the whole law to be trashed, and pack your bags, your leaving the white house come jan, and good the heII ridence, you commy marxist bastard !
Hey right winger just4thefax , immigration isn't a wedge issue, it's a POLICY issue...Get a clue, moron.
that's a brilliant comeback blowhard even though we both know she died from a brain aneurysm..would you like me to show you the link again to the story and you can act like you didn't know you racist inbred trash..SLAVER TO YOUR FACE
That's a dumb opinion and you are dumb for holding it.
why dony you fuck off
and you mother was a fucker.of dogs, to prove it, bark like the dog you are
You are offensive and stupid.
you're an egoistic dimwitted cunt. that's why you fail in your life. don't drag others' down.
I'm sure dumb asses, like yourself, will be trolling full force under our next President...Romney. What does boyhollow mean...or do we want to know?
you fail at being a mother and a Marine....someone should grab your empty head and give you a killer bone crushing skull fucking in front of your father.
You're a bleeping idiot!!!!
You're a bum
you're a tard
Yeah, like I'd let you have the last say, loser. ;)..And BTW, you're a bad stalker. I don't give a phuck about pitbulls. ;D
BudweiserB11.shut up ignorant fool poland ruled over half of russia in the real times of history when guns and weapons weren't even heard of. Im sick of you ignorant idiots trying to take a shot at history ****ing loser.. ..Who are you responding to? And I know what you're talking about. Byli my pot g z Husari .
You are stupid
You are a fucking retard...before doing shit like that won't you consider the other person and how they got violated in to their privacy...go to fucking hell
But Bellinski you are a Jewish Feigle yourself !
Don't you wish you weren't so fat and could dance too?
No people like you are the problem we are having in this world.
Must really suck to be black. What a toxic, vile culture.
Big Deal Libturd... go crawl back under your rock...
Still waiting for you to put your money where your mouth is, coward.
If it has to be explained, then you are too stupid to understand. Leftist fool.
Oh NO! Somebody DELETED my comment. You all KNOW the RULE: 1 delete = 50 REPOSTS. Here we go:.#38 Bill O is furious that Obama isn't getting the US more involved in the fuckedup places in the world. You know Internationalist Rubish Murdouchebag signs his paycheck funded by Internationalist Saudi ROYAL Aldickweed. Yeah Bill get the tea tards stirred up the US is not playing Murdouchebag Aldickweeds agenda like the Bushies. Ron Paul was right about you foxtarrds.
What is the point of switching between accounts?.Just so you know, you are being software tracked..Its useless you stupid imbecile.
Do you feel less sorry now that you made us realize how stupid you are?
Quit yelling, you tedious old hack. Why do you care anyway? You made up your mind ages ago, things like facts and new information and nuance don't matter to you, you effing link whore.
Forreal Black You are an A HOLE
Let BaseGod fuck your bith man...Let him purge you of that Hate.
bitch fuck A e thug,MOTHER FUCKER im A cold hearted SHAOLIN MONK,and believe me when i tell you THIS,I WILL HUNT YOU DOWN !!!
You're a fucking joke.
henri? Your a gutter moron and the lies you sprew mean nothing. You're an inept lil' piece of garbage that no one takes seriously. You're just in here to get the attention you lack in real life scooter. You're quite pathetic
FAGGOT ARE NOTHING BUT FILTH. THE ONLY THING I AGREE WITH THE MUD SLIMES ON. STONE THE F I LTHY FAGS TO THE DEATH,. NUFFFFFF SAIDDDDDDDDDD
Racist trash. You are the lowest level of humanity.
Very sorry I mentioned it. Just keep bitching here where you are SURE it will amount to nothing.
WTF KIM KWANG SOO THATS MOSTLY T ARA MONEY U FUCKING LEECH
You should change your name to just dumb guy, since you know nothing.
It's a commentary piece, douche bag. Read before you open your stink hole.
so basically you are an id iot who just repeats what maddow and rev al have to say.
Weak ass nigga doe. You can hit a weak bitch, and not even defend yoself against another strong bitch (although it was an awefully big ass strong ass bitch) but so what!
fuck your god.
Are you retarded? The family are suing hustler because they DIDN'T want those pictures published. Try reading the story properly before accusing a family of 'cashing in' on their dead relative.
she would do anything for her little girl u bastered u dont kno shit.
Fuck you Luther Abel
OMG now I feel sorry for you that was just pitful..Enough trying to converse with trailer park formaldehyde damaged brains..Step outside once and a while people
lol you morons think im black ? nope im same like you boeti only think is i hate you racist batards :)
just go away because you get dumber by the day. You probably even foegt where the subject began dumb dumb
wow your just as dumb as look
He guilty you ignorant azz! He doesn't have to worry about it anyway because he'll never be in the hall of fame
In which part of the song was there autotune?.JUST BECUASE A SONG IS UPBEAT DOES NOT MEAN ITS AUTOTUNED..GET FUCKING EARS!...Seriously dude, I AM THE BEST did not, in any way, have autotune in it..It had AFFFECTS, but NO AUTOTUNE..If you beg to differ you clearly an idiot.
Obama can't stand up to being vetted. That's why the POS sealed his records. You don't evenko who that loser in the white house really is.
Well you just lost all credibility when you said you were a student of Limbaugh University! Now you are just a TROLL! Nobody cares what you think or say, you are being flagged every time you post one of your degrading comments! Enjoy while it lasts!
.Exactly how often did your daddy r pe you? Weekly Hourly?..You're easily the most depressingly buttf++ked piece of shite ever to vomit their halfassed moronic excuses for the English language on this site. You think you're being clever, but your grasp of colloquialisms and sarcasm are hilariously pathetic. You're a fool. Your posts are puerile and you personally have no value. Nobody here likes you. H ll, nobody here even tolerates you. If these people could recognize you on the street they would spit on you. My best guess is you're the result of unprotected buttsex between your mother and the family dog. An abomination with no justifiable reason to exist...Now do us all a huge favor and go fuckyourself with a chainsaw, Sparky . Slowly and painfully...Everyone! Blow this pathetic Obamatroll a big sticky sphincter kiss!!!..MMMMMMMWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!... ./ /). ..,/ ../. ./ ./. ./ /' '/ ` . ./'/ / ./ ./ . ..('( . ~/' '). ..' ../. .. ..... . . . ..(. .. . ..
you are just an idiot blabbermouth that is gonna get stopped HARD one day! You WILL NOT be saved.
Like you Know Fck Face.
u buy shoes so people say they look BAD? nigga please dont think u so special u dont want ppl giving you compliments on your fresh gear, fuck outta here dumb nigga
Holyshit your an idiot. Coming from a Boston fan. You need to get a life and give respect where it's due. Something like Good job Miami, great series, you guys are better, that's why you won.
fake as hell. its illegal to even put a cam in a bathroom. dumb fucks
truthfully your logic with the 1/5 and the political statement just made everyone a little bit more dumb on this article comment section. In fact you are probably in the 1 and 5 (the bullshit irrelevant statistical fact you made up) group. Put the remote down and read a book, retard.
Your notion that you are sexually abused because you are hitting on newcomers and want to be justified in that sounds exactly like the pathology of a predator. Better check yourself.
FUCK ALLA YALL YMCB TAKEOVER WEEZY JUST TIRED OF THE BEEF DAS WHY HE SAID THAT Kk1IQ
Like I said, I liked the VIDEO! Not the song...obviously your mama is a DUMB OLD BITCH! She didn't teach you the first amendment? ..Roman Darling...Soft ass nigga... hahah!!!!
Thats what you call there a fucking mexican 100% there for you niggers & crackers
You are a fool.
She can act like she thinks she's perfect and be a naive bitch ;)
... and you're no human, your worthless pieceofch*t.
Laffin? You don't laugh at anything you jihadist puke.
HahahahahahahahaThe fucking dyke deserved it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! A bit of karmic payback forall the degeneracy & misandry that lesbo feminists have inflictedupon the Western world. That degenerate dyke bitch that's still alive should not subject the rest of us to her{?} disgusting emotional diarrhea over her{?} fat dead land whale. Our world would be far better off were it not polluted by degenerate lesbo feminist pieces of shit!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Some of the comments I read here are so so lame. White people just want the world to be so fair now. But over the course of their hundreds and hundreds of years of opression, death and fear it was ok. American White people hung people cut off their private parts and took pictures with their kids and family around these dead bodies singing in the wind (a truly sick mind state; your kids). They created tricks and illegal laws and rules to get ahead in America for hundreds of years; they raped and killed destorying families and now because a person makes a choice to go to all black school where a teacher ca see a black student for themselves, or gets a interview when a white doesn't its reverse racism. WHITE PEOPLE until you lived another's history stop crying and get off your high horse!
Fact: Radical Comic Creator is written with Real Basic...You have argued against this fact. Please go to the project page on Github and see for yourself. ..Fact: Lunduke has now consumed $2000 worth of time, has begged for additional money for hardware, and has not delivered on his promise as of yet...Fact: You think that I am an ignorant hillbilly though you frequently insert symbols into your responses and use improper numerology when describing a number. You habitually forfeit grammar and partially form words. In addition to that, your stream of consciousness is a collection of poorly constructed sentence fragments. In short, your English sucks dick...Fact: You think that the Internet is the only place where you have freedom of speech? I'm on the Internet and I'm in America and I just said whatever the fuck I wanted to. ..I implore you to argue these facts directly.
AWE....... Poor wittle troll on Patrol is TOO $TUPID to speak onlyEnglish, SO I'M THE BAD GUY. SERIOUSLY? LMFAO!
You seem racist you dumb ho. Why not start crying about slavery, even though you were never there. I'm Irish my ancestors were slaves too. Do you hear Irish whitey crying for a handout? I am not afraid of black people. In fact i never met a nigg*r that I couldn't beat up. And stop being afraid of whitey's sexu*l prowess, you black girls love white men and you know it. Maybe because we raise our own children, something nigg*s been dodging since the day he was born. Or maybe you are afraid of our intelligence and education. Afraid of black people..LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLO. Anyway back to the slavery issue. We bought you and your nig*ets from other black peeps. Which means that you were sold to us by black people. So get mad at them, not us. They sold out they own race, bit*h. Now bl*w me you stupid, nig*a, ho, since that's all your mouth is good for. b
No idiot, tell it to the surpreme court and you're not even funny.....morning asshole go back to bed.
You're a freaking idiot! there isn't a word in the dictionary to describe you, you're just beyond a dumbass it's not even funny anymore!
Wow way to tell us how rich you are...stupid yuppie.
You're starting to sound like a Nazi.
Embrace the probability of your iminant death, you idiot.
Good riddance you drug abusing loser.
Hating for jealousy is just so absurd, though. It makes you look like an idiot with no knowledge of baseball at all.
I see you dreamt about me all weekend. I am not into men like you are, and also cowards aren't very attractive. Now get to work you little cowardly stable boy.
fucking savages
You pathetic, pimple faced little adolescent moron. Have you not studied sarcasm yet? ..Let me guess...you are a product of home schooling, right?
its comedy u fuckin hater. nigga prolly is smashin her off camera
You know what pathetic . Your Mom asked me to remind you that it is bed time ..Oh and she just asked me to have you send your sister to her bedroom
And you are retarded.
lol, your full of chit , just another stupid liberal
Retard
XSHOGUNX'S EYE ARE SPREAD FAR AS FUCK. HE LOOKS LIKE HE HAS DOWN'S.
,..You showed your true colors. In addition to comment misdirection, you are now using name calling and innuendo...Name calling, innuendo, comment misdirection, the last refuge of someone who has no viable, logical, or well reasoned comment.
RYAN...........GO BACK TO SUCKING YOUR MOTHERS TEAT................BOYWONDER
And you're not a racist, are you. What a joke you are.
At this point, it is safe to say your ignorance can be now classified as stupid.
you dudes really need a fucking life.... plenty people with jobs dont have cars so for you to sitting here judging someone elses life really says alot .. shut da fuck up n just watch the video
god, you really are stupid.
you're so FUCKING DUMB!
Many Sri Lankans talking shit as usual. we must build sri lanka we must work together. when will you understand that??
Doubt it.. again showing your awesome reading comprehension skills.. i said you're acting like a b!tch not you are a b!tch big difference there genius
BUDDHA IS A FAT ASS SLOB..........NUFFFFF SAID. HE IS THE FAKE. YOU MORON.
You called someone stupid? Wow, you must smoke spice and meth combined because you sound brain dead. Before putting your 2 sense into something that you have no education on, just what you hear from the Media, think about what you say. You sound like a fucking pawn just like the rest of society, believe everything you see on the news, you brainwashed grunt.
She continues to be Obama's whore.
You have a dream too i heard, your sister gave you handjob as a symbol of pity
And I call you a brain dead jew retard because it's true. Perhaps if you got the muslim nazi's dick out of your ass you'd have more friends.
You are the one who brought up the topic Kalifornia Ken doll..and then you whine like a beech when somebody calls you on it?..whatever......keep trolling for a teabagger Ken doll....you may get lucky Kalifornia phaggot
You need some serious psycho;logical help.
Look who is talking...the payaso who sucks at both English and Spanish!
YOU filthy ignorant cock sucker stankin ass whore u should leave while you still ahead before someone stick a dick in your mouth to make u shut up
Sarcasm? learn how to spell you moron
If u didnt give a fuck what i was saying why is ur dumbass replying? Clearly u are ignorant and unsophisticated.
your ignorant as fuck.. black people been skateboarding for a long ass time.. stop looking for lil wayne to set your trends
You're a turd.
You have 60 years worth of history wrong, and I'm the idiot!?!? ..benny hill, why do you hide your comment history. I just caught you posting under your old name, but you delete the profile before anyone can see your campaign of character assassination, smear and distortion...Cowardly much?
AlenLemone Anyone intelligent reading your comment could only come to the conclusion that you have mental issues, to say the least. Either that or you're simply a biased russian.
Bitch, you replied to my comment, you stupid ass nigga. Shut your trolling ass up and log out and go breathe some air for once. And LMAO @ how fast you replied back to me. I see you live on this site smh. Go get your dick wet, seriously and stop sucking uncle ronnie's dick.
buzz off you twat
Go change your depends, crybaby.
That was so 45 minutes ago troll. Get with the times.
Stop whining you moron democrats you backed aFucking no brain marxist loser in 2007. Now pay the price
I already have insurance you jack AZZ. But If I didn't I will show up where I want to for medical care and you dumb AZZ will be paying for it just like you will be for all of those that can't and or won't afford to get insurance. See, this is why I don't like talking to people like you, you have to use nasty language on you opposition because that's the way you deal with people that do not agree with you.
Leidiot is a disgusting leader less , moronic, self serving, egotistical, selfish, bullying, idiotic, clown like, deceitful and hateful scumbag.
Your Teabilly slutchild is just as ignorant as her mother...You people are the trailer trash of America.
NO FUCKING WAY??!!!! You can't leave us! Can't you knock over an old lady or something? Turn tricks? Blackmail someone? ..FUCK! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Shut up you PAWB. Lebron lsoing is not going to ad years to your life.
And sodomize you against your will? You are a sick ticket Annabelle.
fuck off whore
damn, you are truly stupid
lol ur dumb/retarded
Hey moron, 1) you're a disgusting human 2) Seau wasnt on those pats teams. You're a fool.
BS. Lowe you are an arrogant prick. Beyond criticism? You deserve nothing but criticism you idiot.
Can you post a statement without using the word idiot? Try being a little more eloquent with your retorts or just start pulling the wings off of flies to while the hours away.......
says the child who does not understand what relevancy means. It's ok Schimidt, we get the fact that you are a closed book. Thankfully, your impact on society is meaningless. I accomplish more in the first hour of my day then you have your entire life
And you're a big phat, brown, stoopid libturd...
I wish the same to you uglyandpoor. You have nothing to say of your own, so you post things I have said out of context. You are a horrible little person. flag yet again.
Storobin you stole the damned election. You are not wanted in my neighborhood. Get the hell out of here and go back to wherever it is you came from.
You two are fucking trolls. What a sickening thought. Last time I checked Oaxaca is relatively safe, but ya'll wouldn't know that cause both of you have your heads up your ass. Btw, most of the violence is on the borderstates of Mexico. Or did you forget that, too?
i am sick of seeing this fuck asshole bitch made chain latters o.O? gonna kill the person on inside who the asshole sick son of bitch made this crap things look at me i am grace wow i am to cool ghost .me:*claps* NOW SUCK MY DICK MOTHER FUCKING ASSHOLE i will fuck you lol
Coolest president ever? Your a complete waste of oxygen and resources. Phucking idiot
Shows what you know dipshit, Remington and Winchester aren't made in China. I swear, elitist assclowns like you are an utter embarrassment.
Well then the OP would learn that she cannot diagnose herself with Aspergers, and that self diagnosis is a bad thing leading to people whom act stupidly because they think they have some disorder/disease that in actuality, they don't.
You act like you faced a good team. You played like crap against another crappy team.
Wait you said though that your country was the nice one in the world how bout you take that food from your dog and help feed the population of the world because i thought america was great right, they always try to use theor ethics apparently not because losers like you are selfish andignorant
You married the turd, and bred with him...
HEY KRYSTAL: YOU STUPID IDIOT WHO Can't Understand Normal Thinking.. fhuck off you howre
huck huck huck, no... but giant pictures of them beating the crap out of idiots like you are ok!!
He won Michigan in the primaries. Holy shit, your dumb.
Ms Jenkums could you please look up at the right hand corner up top and click the red X, and to never return again pls.....You are to dumb to know your dumb......Click it now....And don't come back now you hear....
Listen you fucking wanker we approve all comments, so long as they are not inflammatory against a type of people. We censor blatant bigotry. But little dickwrinkles like you calling me a pussy? I'd never censor that. Look at other posts...people have wished AIDS on me dude, so...I've heard worse fuckhead.That said, if you have to sleep with a woman in her 60s, then that's pretty sad, dude. Try dating girls your own age. It's kind of weird you're into way older chicks. You might wanna rethink hugging your own mom when you have a boner going forward.Plus, I have had more ass than every male in your entire family line with their fucked up teeth and small dicks has ever seen. Just a point of clarification, you bucket of cunt slop.
ima fuck me 2 white bitches. you got a sister? ima fuck her in the ass. ima fuck ya ball headed sister everybody go to youtube look up the vid and look at the info section and it has all these fags address facebook and parents name and phone numbers real talk take a look..i aint no snitch but when i see shit like these goin on it gets to me..i live around there so when i see em ima fuck them upp good prolly gonna have to cut a bitch too
Retard, everyone wasnt bad. Everyone had fallen angel blood in them. God didnt want that. God wanted humans to be human and angels to be angelic. Not no damn hybrid. Read the bible before you fuck up your interpretation.
All racists like you are morons, dude! ..It just happens most pit bull owners are morons too & this has even more convinced me of that.
It's hard to read your post and not immediately think that you're xenophobic
Fuck you Fred
go suckle on your mom's teet little child
You are a fucking idiot.
Flag this loser's posts. Enough flags and he loses his nic automatically.
If you claim you don't have the power to forgive but only Allah , why then do you arrogate yourself the power to avenge? Are you not double speaking? Why not leave both powers to the owner, Allah and allow him to fight for himself? Or is he not capable? We are not afraid of you; we are not afraid of death. Everyone will eventually die, both the killer and the killed; our Lord Jesus long time ago warned us about sects like yours and encouraged us not to be afraid for you can only kill the body but can do no further harm after that: you can't kill our souls which ultimately goes back to our God; so kill all you can, Jesus will forever remain Lord!
I told you before you poor excuse for a human being not to respond to my post but you don't listen. You are ignorant, you pathetic piece of feces. I hope you.get what you deserve in a fatal accident soon....
Apparently, bad officiating never gets old to you morons.
Thanks for confirming that conservative men only see their women as a pair of tits and an azz.
what's your deal bro? You aren't concerned, and you damn sure are not a liberal. Why don't you just be yourself instead of coming on posing as a screwed up exaggeration of people you don't like or understand? Did your mommy not love you enough or something?
Klein, you are a coward. Did you really interview these guys, just to mock them. ..Best part is that you stop short of belittling Scheartz. Even you know that would probably be the last straw in your downward career.
oh all of a sudden u changed ur picture to A WHITE GUY WITH PENNY LOAFERS....MUFUCKER U LAME
You're naive and don't have a basic grasp on biology.
Nobody gives a shit what you say
bitch please...you are the biggest troll. :P
You do not exist as a human being. Please go back into your hole you rotten scumbag.
The article was about Bush you asshole.
Yo :disqus you must be too dumb to know what grand jury means. Plus who is going to testify against him? The dead Mexican? Go shove your idiotic comments up your you know what.
Hush little negro don't say a word,.Mama gonna buy yawz some Thunderbird.
No you are a corny dumb ass.
So you call her a W H O R E making you what.....? Pure? You're a fool and an idiot.
the same with write people . every one do some drug in there life ok not all black people is drug addict so i would like you to stop hating on blacks ok you prick . have some respect for him god know y he do what he did ok have a bless night u prick
When you say Bama, you are referring to the school, like in your posts below... stop being an idiot.
No actually, you've shown me no source, all recent data has been shipments, idiot. Your other comments would hurt if you were actually relevant, moron of the year. Explain how that's still not dominant, kid.
Stop acting like a bitch. He was a kid for goodness sake.
Well we know you are to dumb... You only chose that screen name to satisfy your overgrown ego....
Got a reference for that idiotic comment?
To the idiots posting on here who think racism is alright.....Well it is nor and if you were a victim of racism then you would know....I feel like Balli too and I would kick off as well even if meant i got arrested.....Did you seem them dumb fkin poles and ukranians racist bigots......Racists have a place; sure they do.....in the fkin gutter.....And you know what would stop racism immediately or bring it to the forefront....if the racists were to throw swastikas at all the jewish players; I bet the football bodies would take note immediately.....
OH YOU sit down and SHUT THE FUCCCK UUUUP you mental retard! What the fuck do you know retard??? I hate people like you!! Why dont you go get violently killed in a car accident you fucking retarded dick headed bitch mother fuckin ass hole?!!!!!!!!!
Evel dick gets my vote James R is a very creepy looking man Mr Rogers look alike plus he whined like a little bitch when Janelle destroyed him in the OTEV POV comp
Go ahead and try, dude. Go fucking ahead.
Rob, you have proven your point already. We understood you are an antisemit. You can relax now.
It is a great honor to be a Zionist. You are garbage, a retarded idiot.
sgboy,get back to your cot,I hear your parents calling for you.
You are a pig.
fly away gay pusssy...fly away.
We're not the losers but you and this country are.
Commenter? Your very childish. Grow up and be a man. Stupid remarks like yours just proves that you are a little boy and have yet to understand what it means to be an adult.
Provide Proof faggot.
Your Mother is the clubhouse whore...
Take your testament and shove it.
suck ya dads dick ya stupid slut, he's waiting 4 u. u probably ugly as fuck, damn i know it sucks to be you, trollin on a joke i made. fall back b4 ihurt yo feelins ho
Seems like you are on tik you moron! Are all people of your colour rapists of mothers and children? I don't think so. Stop making idiot comments!
You certainly come off as an arrogant s.o.b. Your right ends when the safety of others begins. I don't give a rat's arse THAT you hunt, but keep your bullets along with your second hand smoke away from me. Sheffield Village is a sprawling area and you are living in the past. YOU, sir, may have to find a new piece of hunting paradise to fulfill your desires. As far as history goes, tyhe Indians hunted all over. Places change. Get with it or get out!
WhatIsBannedIsNeverSuppressed,..you're just a sorry ass commie aren't you? Too lazy to get out of bed to better yourself...Much easier to sit back and let others do the hard graft and hand over money to you to live your commie dream...Never mind thinking big, try working big. That's what benefits all...Your type make me sick to my core.
How stupid are you? Do you realize that many women take birth control pills for many reasons besides preventing pregnancy? Educate yourself,fool.
fucking idiots
you're a fighter not a lover,and your family needs to die too.
Ok. You are a complete retard. Re read what you just said about a bullpen . You know nothing about baseball!
stfu u dirty ugly wet musty hair havin rican! Dirty ass wetback! I SWEAR I CANT STAND U DIRTY UGLY PALE FACE WANNABE WHITE SPICS POSTIN RACIST BS ON WSHH WHEN U THE LEAST DISLIKED GROUP OF PPL IN AMERICA!!! IMA SPIT IN THE NEXT LIL WETBACK KIDS FACE WHEN I SEE EM BECAUSE OF U
That is a moronic response. They should not repeat the crimes they commited? Please don t post your trash here.
By your kind I mean angry little Yankee know it alls,who are complete white trash in the states they came from and move here and think they know everything, because Southerners are slow and backwards . You were trash up there and you are trash down here. Go home and take all of your friends with you. You are ruining our culture and quality of life. Although, you Sir wouldn't understand anything about quality of life,you are a pathetic internet troll who's entire life is sadly based around your pathetic rants on message boards. Go Home dude.
Now you went and...fucked..up this whole page.
You know, it is so easy to talk shit about this, you know nothing about what he was going thorough in his life, so fuck off!
.You look like Brian Scalabrine's brother.... thoughts?
And you need to know classified information because... When it passes into history, there is little anyone can do about it. And in the meantime, you really don't need that information. I'm guessing you just want to feel smug about getting it.
You are an idiot.......why do you even bother..??.Wasted words.
LOL!!!! Do you even realize you are making a fool of yourself? I bet next you will post something Like I forwarded your post to the FBI or maybe I told my mommy Speaking of growing up Get busy.
You stupid f uuu c k. I hope you die the same way she did.
But, you couldn't show ANY proof of that, even if it was true..Go away. You are an embarassment to your Klan brothers, your family, your neighbors, your teachers and America as a whole..Find something to say that is not directly quoting Nazi or Stalinist propaganda. .The most pathetic poster on the web. You are below Oberbite, a Soros trool or the ignorant little heap that wwrote Waiting to Exhale .
All these news are planted and for getting some extra media attention that's all ..............................................bloody fucker ............ranbir fucker kapoor.
Are you fucking dumb? making it clear that the group was delaying their comeback due to album production and not to avoid competition with other groups. You should be thankful that 2ne1 didn't cameback this june, if 2ne1 did, those awards will be owned by 2ne1. Fuckin insicured fx fan.
You are an IDIOT!!!
Well, I WAS born and raised in Africa and proud of it! Wth do you think Africans are lesser than you or something?? Take your ignorant ass somewhere else cuz I'm not the one.
And odumbo is an old lying,inept,loser,communist,ni66er,what's your point?
try speaking in correct english as well. what dummies are on here today.
Who the hell do you think you are saying anything! SOUNDS LIKE YOU ARE THE UNEDUCATED IGNORANT PIECES OF SHIT TO ME!!!!
Answer: Yes. No. Yes. Are you retarded? Meh. Nope.
You don't wear your brain bucket ....you only hurt you and your family. You become impaired you have the ability to hurt everyone.
Nice use of vulgarity attached to a teen; you have real internet muscles. Nice racist screen name too, if a male you fit the bill as a female nick name. Disgusting; no way that you are a patriotic conservative.
How was that not a strike you buffoon?
SHUT UP YOU DUMBASS BITCH YOU ARE DIRTY BROWN WATER TRASH
Well aren't you phucking special. It's easy to have all those things when your still living in your mother's basement. LOSER
F uck off loser colon cowboy. Go back to your boyfriend's filthy, dirty, hair, bacteria infested ass hole and hope that when you pull your c ock out it's not too brown. Or does someone else's s hit on your cock turn you on. You and your type are sick, disgusting perverts.
and it's idiots like you wanting soviet bloc laws as long as they don't affect you. Your both retarded, and you need to go back and read the Bill of Rights and the Constitution again.
Clearly you're a fucktard. Not saying your right (or wrong), just saying who the fuck just randomly compares a rap group or any other MC on a post about a specific video and song about the dude's mama. Wtf does SH or any other MC or Hammerdance have to do with this song?
You're certainly what Lenin called a useful idiot . If you like Islam so much, go where it is practiced just the way you like it . Get to beat your wife and will, kill your kids for whatever reason turns you on, lie to anyone about anything just because it furthers the cause of Islam and others around you ACTUALLY BELIEVE YOUR LIES.
It's not being a Liberal that makes you like an idiot, it's when you try to defend this POS POTUS that makes you look like an idiot!
You are a LOSER.
GO AWAY GO AWAY GO AWAY YOU DIRTY SLUT
How do you accidentally molest someone?.Are you retarded,or did it happen to you?
Quite sure your mama did too. Your dad should have went fishing the day he knocked up your mom. Can't stand you and I don't even know you. Kids have died and all you have are these ridiculous comments. Go fix yourself a nice plate of neckbones and rice. All I want is one little bone to get caught in that cesspool smelling throat of yours and kill you over. You know what? You probably banged a black chick and she told you that you didn't measure up and laughed you right out of the bed. Is that your problem?
you are a hater..plian and simple....
lol i diot we used your money lol what a waist of DNA you are.
eww i like BB but saying the rest of kpop isn't real music just makes you sound dumb as fuck. go back to your wonderfully lame articles and leave f(x) alone. also thanks for increasing our views count MUAHAHAHA.
That second year of fifth grad was a big fat waste of time. You are one sad, ignorant, liberal troll.
yerpathetic 0 minutes ago in reply to design4u1 .. . LOL!!..You are an idiot...But don't worry...America ALLOWS you to be an IDIOT!! . ..=======================.. You Canadians never answer this question why?
Oh I think I do. Let's put it this way, it's not like watching United...Only muppets like yourself can see that's good football. Listen good on them for qualifying, but the football is dross and a 100 odd idiots posting here isn't going to change that...So think again about who the thickos are and add your name to the list.
More grammatical errors, Vicky<2. You're on a roll today. You are so stupid...
puberty? ha! just because you behaved like a man only when you were going through your puberty and been a gullible nancy your entire life doesnt mean everyone are like you . Pretty sure you got lady parts and vomit when you see blood or gore .. continue advertising your transexuality on world wide web i have already owned your ass.
The muzzies don't like it when you fight back. Friggin' cry babies. Go back to what ever hell hole you crawled out of, you homicidal morons.
im playing college ball what you, 5 sitting on worldstar frustrated with yo life lame im laugh fuck niggas like you everyday 5
The waste of time here is you and your comment
jonx,.You are crazy, just plain crazy.
You are a fool. Hispanics are hispanics are hispanic to the bone. I hear rubio saying illegals good, illegals good. illegals good, punish all anglo racists. Illegals good, illegals good, legals bad, legals bad. Anglos bad, anglos bad. Uncle Fidel good, uncle fidel good. LaRaza good, LaRaza good, progs good, progs good, conservatives evil, conservatives evil, conservatives fools, conservatives fools. That his what I hear from your next prog idol that is going to break your heart.
how do you know mother fucker stop assuming shit you don t know you don t know that man like you hypocrite son of a bitch
More grammatical errors, Vicky<2... You are so stupid...
Go back to MediaMatters, troll...You and your pond scum buddies are toast.
And you are a terrorists pig.
I am sorry that your gay affirming inner psych (opath) was disturbed (mentally) by my use of transgender; but a punk that is a male hiding behind a female screen name, has a myriad of issues (like your contributing zero to the conservative cause ass does too.) If you keep stalking bitch; I'll show you who's your daddy.
tamrabam. you are a moron. I assume you vote labour. were you there, no , so shut your gob. Maggie had the balls to kick them out in no uncertain terms, non of our current leaders would do that now.
None of your posts have any value whatsoever.
The key words being keep thinking, something you have a hard time doing redneck racist retard.
Oh CJ, Cj, Cj, you fat ugly bitch! Its just so funny how much you NEED us! You need us to tell you that your husband would rather fuck a barbed wire covered glory hole than touch your 53 year old moldy vagina. You need us to tell you about the health problems your poor children are going to suffer thanks to your fast food and brownie diet. Poor tweenie is going to be teased in school for being tubby. You need us to tell you how stupid you are to go off of a fucking car thermometer to determine the outside temperature and then compare it to a fucking tropical climate state like Florida. How the hell do you function in life? Oh wait, you dont. You sit your fat worthless ass at a computer all day ranting about gay marriage. I hate to break it to you but I guarantee your darling son Sam is going to grow up to be the butt pirate you so hate. What are you going to do then? Throw a bible at his head? It wont knock the gay out of him! Even worse little Sara is going to grow up to be a......LIBERAL! Gasp! Oh nos! So your tweenie is going to be a fatty, sammy a gay, and sara a tree hugging hippie! Looks like your christian mothering sucks and you should try another route. Might I suggest getting the FUCK OFF THE COMPUTER and going to spend time with them?
so lets pamper the child so the child never does better. you are an idiot.
It's been years and you birther idiots have yet to find ONE piece if evidence to support your claims, so who is the stupid one?..You are gullible and ignorant if you believe our president was born in Kenya
Dickhead will just copy and use it, don't bother. We know Rooster is all mouth and no balls.
Cheap pathetic references to Nazi Germany, you dont know how good you have in this country A Hole!
I pull nothing from you, Hanni. But, keep parroting me, in lieu of thinking for yourself. It will at least make you sound a little smarter than you really are.
You suck. You probably don't have any friends. Your family probably abandoned you in disgrace. Go crawl back under a rock and do this world a favor and stop existing. You think you are cool because you think you understand the situation and call this man a coward and pathetic. Well congratufuckinglations. You just showed the world what a doouchebag you are. I don't know if its because you are emo or you think trolling will earn you respect but i don't give a damn. Go dig a hole, bury yourself in it and stay there. If you don't have anything good to say you better expect nothing back.
Your point is as valid as the hole in your head that you obviously gave to yourself before making such an idiotic statement. And bringing politics into it? Could your trolling be more obvious?
fuck this gane this fucking fake
Wow! we got us a real literate einstien here don't we??? dush bag ? And such grammar!!! Maybe you should have stayed in school past the 2nd grade retard! What happened, momma spend all her welfare chk. on booze and crack???
Greatness ? how do his balls feel in your mouth?
He a hole I'm a Leaf fan and I know they are crap. You didn't read what I said. Today you hate them, tomorrow you love them. What are you 10 years old with the go take a crap. Does your mom know you are on the computer and not in pre school getting beat up. A hole. Doesn't sound so good does it.
this post is so shallow and pathetic. Kudos to people who are growing old with out trying to defy the laws of nature, and half of your posts are merely bad pictures you are trying to write off as not growing old well . Must be a slow news day because this is truly an all time low.
A crazy muthafucka named Gusto!.I fucked ya wife cuz the bitch is a big ho!I fucked ya sister, I fucked ya cat!I woulda fucked ya mom, but the bitch is too fat!..That shit was way funnier than it had any right to be.
FUCK OFF NIGGER YOU'RE NOT AMERICAN YOU POS FAGGOT!
Your an IDIOT!
Your an idiot
How do we know Terry Krepel is your real name. If you are not a gutless coward, you'll provide an address and phone number. Now, we are paying attention...don't be a gutless coward and p*ssy!
idiot nayar you are mother fucker. you are saying attack on Shri harmandir sahib was a right action, this shows you negative thinking about sikh community. All siks are agree with building memorial thats why any sikh organisation does not oppose. You have no concern with issues of punjab. The wording you used in this article is very rude and this shows your hate about sikh community,,,,,,you are barking dog,,,we don't care you
You are either very ignorant or terrible at sarcasm
Chris, please stop commenting, because you're obviously still trying to catch your breath from your sucking off Cook. This has made you more retarded than usual.
Lol man your gonna call him a loser and to get a life when you are on here sticking your nose in their business?? Your a douche bag who probably has never even seen a vagina. Go get laid and see that there is more to life than being a Dick like you obviously are.
HAH YOUR'E ONLY 14? FPFF AND YOU TELL ME WHAT TO DO? I'M WAAY OLDER THAN YOU WHO YOU CALLING A BITCH AND A FUG? YOU DOUCHE BAG BITCH I WANNA PUNCH YOUR EYEBALL OUT AND KILL YA FUCKYA
Oh yeah. Like you would have stopped your car and assisted. You're a lying idiot.
You're probably a phuuking dyke....aint ya beotch ?
You're a liar. I was on that night dealing with two of you trolls an hour before anyone showed up...This isn't a physical fight here on this screen, you moron. In order for what you say to be the truth, I'd have to sit back and say nothing while others fight for me, and if that were so, you would never have been reading me for some time...It's one thing for you to be a liar, but quite something else for you to be a STUPID liar.
Steve,go brush your teeth with a revolver you dumb bastard
That has to be the stupidest comment I've ever seen.
We have more where he came from. Don't rest, we are watching your fat azz.
let me rephrase:..In other words, you are an insane pussy.
With a screen name like yours, you need to s..t..f..u..
If you lose your life because of stupidity, good riddance!
straight men will fuck anything!!
The Filipinos have learned to realise that it is better to be associated with America than any other superpowers. Oh, really ? Check your history, idiot. I'd rather we pick our own selves up, so we wouldn't be a joke to the planet. Such as this guy. And what's your basis for this delusion ? An American fuck you in the ass ?
Your mom must be a real low life trashy hook er
So, now we know what you are by your own identification, fool, will you kindly moveon.org and stop cluttering up the place and so we intelligent posters can post?
Maybe you should read that first sentence you wrote again slowly. You are bending over to far to make an illogical point. We are starting to see your ignorance.
Fuck you, you fucking dork.
Poor deluded psychopaths. News flash, marriage is UNNATURAL. It is a construct of beings that have stepped out of nature for the most part. Construction, vehicles, technology.. all unnatural if you think about it...Now, if you're talking about the pairing off into couples by animals in nature, sure.. they do that. But it has never been about property rights for them, like it used to be for humans. And there are same sex couples in nature as well, since it's about making life easier in groups than it is by yourself. So, by THAT fact and the logic that goes with it, gay marriage is AS natural as hetero marriage...You fuckers never have a reasonable leg to stand on.. it's always your invisible sky fairy and some bullshit some cave dweller spewed 1800 years ago. Step into the age of enlightenment, you might like it.
Chavez is a total joke at the plate, an automatic out. He's only decent as a late inning defensive replacement. You'd know that if you weren't so f#cking stupid. We have Pearce, Betemit, Flaherty, and Andino (once BRob comes back) to take over in the outfield until Reimold and Markakis get back. None of them will make anyone's All Star team, but they all look like Babe Ruth at the plate compared to Chavez. Grow a brain, for chrissakes. Your ignorance is appalling.
that nigga joe as shit fuckk out of here u dirty ass young bull
What a selfish slutbag. That fucking fat ass chubby cheeked bitch probably got mad because her precious baby boy was hungry. How DARE he eat food! Not only do children require food to grow and become helathy adults, but this bitch probably fed them HoHo 's and Twinkies. I can just hear her now Get off my food you little shit! That 's MY MotherFucking Twinkie! Momma 's got the munchies! Then, WHACK with a fucking hammer. What a cunt.
you are a complete fool. slowly read what you have just written. it makes no sense.
id kill you if you were here. not because im a gangsta , but because i hate you. f*ck you.
F v < k you too.
I talk about you all the time...For instance; Denial is a warm yellow river running down your leg...Did you forget you have to pee sitting down... Again?..(for the retards in the audience, I am implying that Hanniturd is a woman (yes hanniturd, the retard in the audience is you))
thankyou EPS.YOUR AN IDIOT RICDOSE
Tom, you are an idiot on. You suffer from whitmenitis, aka, you find it easier to blame others for your mediocre life achievements. Truth of the matter is, you simply do not have much to offer.
go back to your crapping unperfection home
And you are a weak bully!
Spelling mistakes? like i said, Ignorant Asshole. So go put your butt plug in and shut your mouth..... HAHAHA estkill16, i see your getting roasted on here already, i see your bios, a lil homo from Detroit whose moms a whore haha i wonder whose got the bigger mouth....
That may be but you are asad, little pathetic WHITE man man ewww...100 times worse you child molesting mass murdering welfare bum! you must be deported!
What a fool you are, we all know that you think of nothing more than being GAY.
Why don't you take your pathetic intimidation attempt and shove it up your , troll?
not a slave tho you idiot internet racists
ILL FUCK YOU LIKE AN APE GAY BOY
With every one of your comments that I read, I realize more and more just how batshit crazy you are.
lil b drops mad shitty music because he wants you to sort thru it and find the good shit, lil b has some amazing songs, everything else he drops is just to piss of lil sensitive pussies like you
Pussy bitch take my fuking house off of your picture. I know it looks better than that nasty black ass you had up there but still
mia Perkins is a knucklehead
Look here, cunt. I hope you get raped by the devil. I hope you get cancer, and experience the most absurdly horrible pain a human being can feel. I hope Rick James slaps you right in the fuckdamn mouth. Then, after all of that. I'll walk right up to you, and shoot in the fucking throat.
You must be one of the dumb ones...Here, let me explain it to you... when you have an inflated catheter inside you, pulling it out WILL cause permanent injury. There is nothing for this man to get over ...He's been damaged and needs to be made whole again. Pay the man...And YOU, you need to go out to your local dollar store and buy yourself a new brain, the one you have currently doesn't seem to be working.
holy sh yt, you are one du mb ph uck
LETS START BACK UP WITH THE LIBTURDZ AND TEAA TARD NAME CALLING
You are a lying son of a bitch. Let's see you post some facts supporting your assertion.
Your absolutely right, there is no way of explaining it to a moron like you go back to smokiung your crack, 8ss hole!
Hey right wing moron You Kidding Me , you're the cutest little GOP whine baby on this forum.
Listen here you moron. Home schooling is better especially through a computer. I go to ecot though it may be my first and last year cause I'm a senior doesn't make me a social reject!!!! In fact my friends that I've made aren't social rejects either!!!! I'm getting better grades then I ever have in public school so stick that in your juice box and suck it Mr. I Think I Know It All!!!!!
Idiot is yr father!
Not really. This man doesn't seem to do his homework, or doesn't check his articles, or simply doesn't know very much about history.
AND YOU POSTAL, WERE HATCHED
as i say before, you are as gay as a 2 dollar bill.
Buddy you sound like a complete clown on here running your mouth
Bush has been long gone. Don't you lib itur ds have anything be tter to cam pair Ba ry to??? If not then shut your Ob ummer hol e.
Hate that fucking asshole moron
Ey bitch nigga ebos!. if ur deymonds lil brother u betta shut yo mouth mothafucka!
No shut up. Black people don't need to be 'approved of' or 'pretty enough' for the Korean people. Fuck that shit. I am SO sick of black fans thinking that way. Truth is most Korean people don't find dark skin beautiful. Period. They also stereotype us as criminals and slutty. It's not US that need to change to fit their ideals, THEY have to change their backwards ass ignorant racist way of thinking. So you can take your 'Michelle is not idol material' and shove it please.
Your syntax is pathetic. And you are a cocksucking batshit motherfucker to boot.
Yep, you're a darky.
this is a fake ass bitch from west of boston.. he is a paid rat for worcester pd.. fuck u big o u suck,, u never slang in worcester. u spend time at the gay movie theater getting cum in your beard.. fuck u fat bitch
you truly are a mental midget.
I want to know why you don't have a job is it because you were busted at work with your kiddieporn?
[Juries are made up of people in the community who do not like to see .students beat up for exercising their First Amendment rights of Free .Speech and Assembly.]..Except that's now what happened, you little shit stirring fruit loop. You also fail to mention that juries are usually made up of people who are generally civic minded and respectful of the legal process, so they aren't usually sympathetic of little assholes who merely wish to engage in physical confrontations. Now why don't you stop making a pest of yourself and get a real job?
Are you really this STUPID?
This guy is such a loser. Nevada, you really suck! This guy is evil personified...
You do know you are an asshole and started all the shit with him. You Jews have been doing the same for years. Banning together to the detriment of decent people. Another reason most in the world would cheer for the Nazis today.
narrow minded little fool you are
You are better suited to use a dumb phones. No point of you using a smart phone.
Sure, it was. I asked Mr. Hawkins why we you allowed to continually call others pedophiles and he banned your ass. I can provide the email copy if you like. Don't be a pussy and deny it.
Before making a stupida$$ comment....you dumbfuck......try looking up her picture first! She is white and very over weight.
dan amd.....You have realy no clue on every single idiotic comment of all your posts..WE ALL DON'T enjoy your stupid PRO AMD B:U:L:L:S:H:I:T ignorance..Please crawl back then in the fat ass of your gay loving buddy charlie.demerjian semiinaccurate and try to find the light inside U stupid FAG!.....WE REALY DON'T NEED AND WANT YOUR POST HERE ANYMORE!
The same can be said about your posts, red. Dull, unimaginative, unsupported, jaded, biased, racist, homophobic. You are essentially a miserable human being. Not as miserable as Crapkiller or sitm, but pitiful nonetheless.
When you blacks take a shit does it come out purple? When you piss does it come out green?
As is your mother. . . . .who is the.beastiality whore. ..Lighten up. . . . It's comedy!! Bwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahh!!
like your mom
keep it movin bitch ass nigga
I'm used to idiots like you jumping in AFTER your team actually does something. I've been here and will continue to be here after you're long gone because the niners will suck again soon.
W T F are you ranting about adolf?
No KKKonservative SunMedia and fans here are the true racist, they are here all day everyday spitting hateful venom, I just do the same in reverse. If you have a problem with me, then say something to them! Unless you are a KKKonservative racist too? hmm.
It's rumored you're a fkucing moron
Aw, Vicky<2, you too easy to detect... You'll never be able to mind your tongue well enough to fool anyone with another ID for very long. One problem is your immense ego. You need to feel like you matter. You need to feel like your name is recognized to feel important. You are too full of yourself to remain obscure for very long. You are such an idiot!!!
Another idi0t who did not RTFA.
You're a moron. I cannot believe people are complaining about freedom of choice.
i don't know your unsolicited advice let me vent out my frustration before I cum into your mouth you sound like freaakin faggot.
so you fuck your 3 dogs, your a sick fuuk..by bitches i was talking about women..but the point you just tried to make makes me want to fuk you up even more.
You are disgusting. Absolutely disgusting. There is a young woman clinging to life and you feel the need to pass judgement. Judge not lest you be judged.
Drago, you didn't buy Usher's album? You are obviously racist then. You won't buy a black artist's album because you don't like black people.
you are a friggin moron. Oh you didn't get the memo? Sorry..YOU ARE A FRIGGIN MORON!!!!
Foolish rube. We blew $4 trillion already on that stupidity.
Really? Than why are there over 30 states that are against gay marriage??? Get your shit straight libturd!
You dirty fucker
parents He was visiting his dad's fiance, geeez dude you really are completely stupid
suck my dick bitches
aww, poor baby..I think you're just jealous because you spent your spring break at the pond in te back of the trailer park with the other idiot rednecks
Choosing to not eat animals doesn't make you a pussy. Go choke on a corndog, bitch.
You a fucking little coward of a bitch.
oh poor you...you are judged for being black...then poor me, I have to listen to your whiny black azz
YEAH,I BET YOU INBRED HILLBILLY.
Woowww, you really are an idiot... You need to go to school... Like really bad...
you're a sick fuck.
Stupid jerks called child rape anal sex. It's called anal rape you sick freaks!
dan amd.....You have realy no clue on every single idiotic comment of all your posts..WE ALL DON'T enjoy your stupid PRO AMD B:U:L:L:S:H:I:T ignorance..Please crawl back then in the fat ass of your gay loving buddy charlie.demerjian semiinaccurate and try to find the light inside U stupid FAG!.....WE REALY DON'T NEED AND WANT YOUR POST HERE ANYMORE!
Your dad is a pecker jerk.
Lol..When I'm with my homies ...i invite 3 bitchs in my room ...your sister for my right nut...your girl for my left nut... you MOMA For my dick... .It's a party... It's a party... I coming... Bitchs.. say uh
got a problem with haitian people dumb fuck... he's not even haitian ignorant ass nigga
Go change your tampon maggot!
A guy born with a silver spoon in his asshole, David McCullough, Jr. delivered this speech. Are you a fucking dumb ass? Please tell me what your problem is with this. I'm guessing your mother must have fucking let you suckle her tit until you graduated high school, then you got pissed off at her when she pushed you off her tit and called her The worst mother ever. Oh boo fucking hoo, that mean man said you're not special . I watched this thinking this guy is gonna be some jack ass and in reality, he gave a great speech and spoke some beautiful truth. You honestly must be the type of person who tries to make the Occupy movement look bad...Are you a fucking agent provocateur? I wanna call you a stupid fucking hippie, but that would be an insult to them.
Come back when you are out of puberty.
We're talking about Murder here, Racist a s s hole.
your a troll bitch
You're just a mouthy bitch, just like your whore mother. Now get back in the kitchen & make me a sandwhich NOW!!
them some ugly motherfuckers. Proof you don't need to be beautiful to make it in Hollywood, you just have to know who to blow.
Senator Bryd Democrat..Saul Alinsky aka libtards Socialist
Try to write in English next time dopey.
have you been living under a rock kaden?
You poor, hopeless moron...you still fall for this shit?.Must suck to be you.
GO AWAY YOU FUCKERS
You are too stupid to breathe!
this nigga gay, i would have been fucked that bitch.
Bristol....just like your mom, you are an idiot. Just another slave to right wing ideologies that do not cross paths with reality. You are just another kid who had a kid.
Commenter, why are you still trolling here? You are the loser!
You must be a faggot to assume that I'm on them, bitch nigga.
Stupid fucking idiots,,,what more can you say. These freaks should put signs on their foreheads saying This Space for Rent.
I would have paid good money to watch you do that, only to watch you get your ass beat down afterwards...Instead, you made some sarcastic comment in your head and went back to drinking your fruity little drink with the umbrella in it, right?
YOU ARE THE REAL LE AND I HOPE PEOPLE ON HERE REALIZE THAT YOU ARE A PRETENDER
Some of you must think our enemies are as gullible as you are. Nothing interesting here. Move on.
Teresa, Heckle & Jive ?? You are sooo uneducated, skanky, nasty, desperate, fake, a lier and a criminal. I never liked you before, but now I despise you. The more you open your mouth, the more you expose yourself for being a terrible mother, lousy friend, the absolute worst sister ever.You dont deserve to have your brother Joe, his super family, Jacqueline, Caroline, or cousin Kathy in your life. They are all much better than you or your dumb family!
you're an idiot
Well said. That you're all mouth and no facts has no bearing. Keep repeating it, though. Eventually you'll convince other idiots that you know something.
And your word sure the fuck does not a mandate make...90% of your genes are shared with a fucking banana. Get over yourself.
I would sooner cut my own throat than hand that piece of crap the knife to do me slowly.. F U no way.. Hell NO Romney! Yall go to hell.. you sons of sick bitches that follow him..
Dude, if you change you username to specify against someone then you're a butthurt fag
Why is manber such a shit rapper?
Only black people can generalize based on race? when did this happen? Dumb White Boy your words. Not mine. I thnk its clear you dont know what racism means, you must be stupid. I wouldnt presume to label your race, just plain stupid.
You're analysis is exceptionally American. And by that I mean it's entirely grounded in fact challenged star spangled retardation entirely voluntary in nature.
hey jack a $ $ ..........once again it has been proven beyond a shadow of a doubt that your messiah is a lying fraud...........that so called BC was and is a FORGERY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!your messiah is an anti American racists fraud..............and you will all have to face that TRUTH real soon !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!you are a phukin MORON !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
People like you are the reason the economy is failing.
Leftist White race traitor or shit skinned degenerate; you are a hard one to call...Mongoloid.
I have a 45 that has a 6.5 inch barrel..I'll bet that would fit better. You wanna suck on it? You will love the climax it has. Will damn near blow your mind!
You're terrible and you've got 28 dislikes. Look's like you're an idiot just like IGN(orant)
Are you retarded?..Troll harder bitch.
Jeezus...do you realize you are making a total fool of yourself? You are criticizing someone for not knowing enough about one of the lowest firms of expression.
That is also part of the as is part of the old law and fits right in with the word on that has been out there from 01 A.D. ..........Either you are dumb or you don't understand what you read ....DUH!!!!..Please thry figure it out before making such a stupid reply here is your 2nd chance to figure out my post.......
Well your Buckwheat Obama would qualify fagg0t
You'll find that the majority of individuals posting here are of the opinion that republicans/plutocrats by and large pick and choose which laws hold value. It's likely only those laws that control someone else's behavior...In your vernacular go fuck yourself and clean the slime you leave all the way back to Fucks News asshole.
Get thatdick outta your mouth so you can talk.
You didn't read the article, and you are a ignorant putz.
Are you really this stupid?
Stfu your existence offends me
It's much better than the left wingnuts who got us into this mess in the first place! Like you Susan!
fuck you you old fuck, the real john mclain.. .the real one from die hard
you really are a complete moron, yo must be one of those incompetent welfare leeches who does nothing but put a drain on every hard working person in this country. Cut the cord, do something with your pathetic life.
Nope, it is a moron like you who needs to shut up
You are simply comically idiotic. Or you're just a depressing fool. Either way, you're still just a liar and an Internet coward. Cheers!
You are wrong idiot!
Don't you get tennis elbow from jacking off as much as you do?
Bitch,be quiet. Somebody needs to kick your ass for talkin' that stupid shit,hoe.
You are a complete moron
You piece of scum. According to the SA constitution, this lady was a Black person. Hope your mother is the mother of all old cows. Idiot.
i'm on AAC then ya dumb fuck
It's just you smelling your armpits again. GO back to your nails
smearedsxhit, what does the phrase below mean? I'm just (after all) a 'stupid teabagger, and you are a more intelligent corn filled Obamaballsniffer, so please explain this:.. ....I give Fox Nation 3 more weeks..Then it's off to stormfront for the baggers. ..What is 'stormfront?' Because, that is the same term 'Berthole' used last night when he/she/it was lurking on another thread. Could this mean that you are berthole, lindie and smellyterd!!! All rolled into one ignorant pieceofppppoop?
Do you realize how retarded, ignorant, sorry, and pathetic you sound?
Substantiate your slur....or should we talk about the bi sek'sual in the WH? Don't you think the name Larry Sinclair should be included in your internet 'whispering' campaign?
Wally the bigot, and cmorris the racist. The new faces of ignorance for the new south. No matter how often they wash their black sheet, it will still carry the smell. Good luck guys, and all those like you. God has a special section for you to sit in when you arrive and your resting spot.
You sir are not intelligent
Hey moron William Reynolds , impeach YOURSELF and then go kiss a Muslim like your hero Bush.
I would slap you silly but clearly you are already there.
Really Joe? .I don't recall anywhere in the All My Children storyline where little boys were raped and sodomized...refresh my memory please....But I guess you'd know all about children, since you impregnated a 16 year old in the past wouldn't you? You're as much a pos as your sicko client...........
lol.....You sir, are a jackass. wipe the tears from your eyes and move on. Mass Effect sucks.
.Bet your glad you didn't have the balls to use your real name. You look like such a dumb ass now (check vigilant bonuses on that link)
Get I life u bitch!!!.avande ammede oru lekhanam...
It's clueless racists like you who are in complete denial. This boy WAS in fact killed because of his race. There is no race card . So now that they mentioned race, you are no longer behind them ? You're as sick as the bastard who pulled the trigger.
YOU STUPID SHIT! STOP SPAMMING! DELETE HIS PROFILE!!!
The difference between your wife and a rooster HoldYourOwn? The rooster says cock a doodle doo, your mama says any cock'll do.
Dear Pingback, fuck you or using vidya It's stupid as shit and you're not fucking funny or part of a precious internet club GTFO r.That goes with you Oldfag, only exception is that fag is overused. Die bitch
You are an arrogant bitch and what is wrong with the World today, mostly caused by you pond life bankers!!!!!
Another worhless post from a worthless person.
you're right; there weren't enough toothpick hangovers and tailwhips... Go fuck yourself
and fuckface, in order to be situationally aware one would have to read the blog of last week in its entirety. from the point i called ew stupid and told many why they were wrong, till the point where u faggot started making separate threads discussing my trollness
You fake Indian. Jadunath, Bana Singh, Karam Singh are not sikhs sorry I wont tell you because you are an ignorant idiot. The last name singh is used by Rajputs, Jats from Rajasthan, Haryana UP and Bihar.
Jeff Bootstraps Fisher...is a troll....anyone feel free to add to what you think of him.
Stop suxing dik for cigarette money hole
Shows how much of a dumb ass you are. Today she used The Globe as a source hahahahahahahahahaaaaa
Liberals don't want military intervention, you buffoon.
you should get banned....you are a little bit psycho
LMAO.. You are another clueless moron....only liberal women are kept..they have the masters..
This...Travis, Cornell, Boyce all them nukkas I will NEVER forget nor forgive them for showing their black asses out. Fuck them today, fuck them tomorrow, fuck them forever.
can anyone say NDAA AND SURVEILLANCE DRONES, yup 20,000 of them in OUR SKIES in the next 5 years, SO THAT OUR GOVERNMENT CAN SPY ON US EVEN MORE! DO THE IMBICILES WHO SUPPORT OBAMA KNOW THAT HE IS LAUNCHING DRONES IN OUR SKIES TO SPY ON US? I'll bet they don't, little do they know it's just the tip of the iceberg he is deconstructing our ENTIRE CONSTITUTION AND WAY OF LIFE!!! What freaking idiots! Go ahead you MORONS, vote him back in and you'll get what you deserve for YOUR STUPIDITY!
K K K or Nazi? I can't tell which disease you suffer from? Could you please blog some more?
Your mom is a mean hoe charging 200 for 15 dollar pussy.
you're a f ing pos aren't you? weak pathetic loser liberal turd. I suppose you kept your virginity until you were married right? or maybe you are still a virgin a s. e x. scares you.... maybe you are just a perfect holy roller, oh wait that can't be because YOU think holy rollers are all republicans... hmmmm ok I'll bet you are just an id iot.
Steve you are proof that agism lives, and that there is really no age range for dumb ignoramus. LOL
Phil: You ignorant impolite, rude slut. Go F**K Yourself. Exercising freedom of expression, which you apparent;y are against unless it concurs with your outdated view of the world.
Sounds like you're a scummy family.
Notheism: Are you serious? How can you say this is revenge . The rapist was caught in the ACT. I understand your ignorance, but for god sakes, pick up a dictionary.
Fuck you.
Go away you orrible little cretin
LOL And you eat hot dogs (cow rectums). LOL
What are you guys smoking?
yeah i bet you're a occupy fucking nigger!
JSMASTER..god youre retarded, the ENTIRE point of this article is to PROMOTE the movie to people so they go see it moron. Not SEEN.....SEE!!!..and the pathetic pr!ck who posted the spoiler is an attention seeking beyond dumb loser who knew exactly what he was doing and posted it just to feel like he was special for once in his life because he got to see a movie a week before its released in the country the movie is made and where most people are going to see it!..and FYI saying pathetic SPOILER doesnt make it okay genius, peoples would have immediately seen the giant R.I.P. even if they were trying to avoid it..get a clue before speaking next time idiot
Why is it that you don't kill yourself you stupid fascist puppet?
Get the fuck out of my comment section you samurai jack lookin muthafucka.
you are a asshole for putting addicts down!!! why bash us!!! at least we have an excuse wats urz jackass!!!!!!!!!!!
shut up idiot go back to listening your chunti music.my parents are entrepreneurs who make millions a year.my rooms costs more than all of your families homes.oh wait, they do not own anything!!
A couple of greedy, non appreciative hos!
Go to hell you old bastard
It was his idiot parents, idiot.
ah, the same way you hate white people. Don't try to act so innoccent.
Yeah life a programmer behind the keyboard do me a favor no really I really need you to do me a favor alot of people think diffent than you do but since you want to come out your face tough computer screen guy do me a favor and suck my dick ok no beat it cock sucker...Doc
you is shit
You were born a bald headed freak.
Rob...you're one pathetic asshole...and libs aren't responsible for that.
Moronic statement pea brain. There is no pledge to be respectful to the commander in chief. I was still in, am retired, when that trash just about starved us out of the military that was after voting for him. ...Clueless libtard.
Go away, Flora. Take your spam with you. And if you MUST comment, then..don't steal words from other posts...SPAM ALERT Flag her post.
You are a sad, ignorant, pitiable fuck...I take that back. You're not worthy of pity.
That guy is a real fuckstick.
Really, you do a one time 100K fund raiser and your comparing it to skipit55....... are you really that stupid..... Do the math! What a moron, your so proud of yourself: Did they do that? . Yes and they still are adding to it.
You are a piece of shit mr e=mc2!! I hope you get shot in the face next time you and your fellow gang members break into someone else house. SCUMBAG!!!
Hey all, I scream like a b!tch because my daddy has his balls up my ass..If I can sound like a bigger p ssy drip, let me know, since I'm too fcking stupid to understand when everyone called me a litlle b tch for talking stupid about Kelly Thomas. I hijack a screen name and post as GROWAPAIR, LOL losers . I'm Boyle Heights Citizen THE ORIGINAL INTERNET PUS$Y, here with never anything to say but to be a brain dead ass breath, I will lick the ass of anyone who calls me GROWAPAIR, he called me out as the ball sniffing chicken punk I am, so I hijack his screen name to show I'm a lowlife sh thole loser hiding with my daddy's balls up my ass.
You are such a creep. Go back to cooking.
jay is a bitch w no clue fuck that weak nigga. he probably got slept like that before
YO MORON, GET YOUR POPPY COCK BACK TO BED, ITS 330 IN THE MORNING , NOBODY WITH ANY INTELLIGENCE IS GONNA SIT HERE AT 3 AM AND LISTEN TO YOU WHINE WHILE SMOKING YOUR CRACK AND LICKING POSTAGE STAMPS WITH DEAD DRUG ADDICTS ON THEM WHILE YOU LOSE ANOTHER 3.2 BILLION THIS MONTH, GET A LIFE OR JUST ADMIT THAT YOU ARE DENYING A VILLAGE SOMEWHERE OF AN IDIOT. BRILLIANT!
Shut the fuck up you ignorant troll
bitch stfu u fuckin clown.
FUCKOFFashreduxagain...you know full well Obama is abusing his power. Prosecutorial discretion is based on an exception one on one basis as they come up. To hand out blanket amnesty to pander to the hispanic vote and then try to hide behind this executive power is abuse and YOU KNOW IT!!
You are racist. ..Jamele Hill
coming on here to hate? get a fucking life this is straight fire you dont like it your a pussy
Its kind of frightening knowing dbags like you exist.
fuck you all to hell
You need to shut your pie hole and go away. You suck.
god, get rid of the shitty tattoos and piercings, another decent girl ruined !..and she's not even from LA and got it tatted lol what a fuckin loser !
Hey idiot, your caps lock is ON
Welcome to the crowd fellow idiot.
atm55....your words are those truly of an ignorant person
The name jacker is such an idiot
more like he turn yo ass into a carnival ride, you already look like you take dick in the ass in that homo ass picture of yours.
ANYBODY AND I MEAN ANY MOTHERFUCKER WHO CONFUSES BILL PULLMAN WITH BILL PAXTON IS A FUCKING IMBECILE BENEATH CONTEMPT
you are sickening and pathetic !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Apparently you are too stupid to even watch a video and get it right. For your desperately needed information, Reagan was interrupted 27 seconds into his statement. The statement was clearly not over for another 20 seconds...You have irrefutably proven that you can't get facts straight even when you have a video in front of your retarded face. Thanks for proving me right.
Your are an idiot
Hows your mom's basement doing?
and you arent as much of a loser as them? .i say you are just about worse
Damn it Nicole, fuck it up for us, just once. Please?
Smacked by who? You coonass boys sure are corny.
Oh bore off you Stupid twat !
Not sure if you are joking or just dumb/have no knowledge in comics.
Uh Guest, using uh doesn't make you sound intelligent or superior. it makes you sound like the moron you always prove yourself to be. In your case you should spell it duh.
No she is not a toad but you are a libturd!
Captain, You need to quit standing on your head, You are have a cranial recital inversion problem, You have inserted your cranium so far you your recital cavity you are seeing everything upside down..
Yes my filthy little lefty troll....both you and barry have just proven my point!
None of that has to do with class.Listen to Serena classless horrible human being.Nadal does give his opponent credit unlike Serena.
Please don't you are an idiot
FUCK ALL HEAT HATERS.YALL CAN SUCK MY DICK , I GOT NOTHING AGAINST OKC BUT FUCK EM TOOO !! WE WINNING THIS YEAR WADE COUNTY KING JAMES BITCHES , 305
oh, you got your information from the Fox news network or from some idiotic right wing tea bagger blogger! They always distort the truth. get a life and stop blaming the president b/c you are a loser in life...
Die you bloated sack of cow shit
dan amd.....You have realy no clue on every single idiotic comment of all your posts..WE ALL DON'T enjoy your stupid PRO AMD B:U:L:L:S:H:I:T ignorance..Please crawl back then in the fat ass of your gay loving buddy charlie.demerjian semiinaccurate and try to find the light inside U stupid FAG!.....WE REALY DON'T NEED AND WANT YOUR POST HERE ANYMORE!
You are a born m o r o n.
Then don't watch it loser.
That's because you're all morons.
grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr i hate that motherfuck her dad need to be burned at stake
Gee whiz ryan is your dik that small? Maybe you should invest in some of that dik extender instead of a new computer. You are nothing but a keyboard warrior.
hey dick lick you don't know me i go to all the ufc fights i know what goes down most of the fighters hate fighting for the ufc because their under paid so you think i don't nothing you mexican princes screw you and the dick you ride on
Yeah, and you're a fuckingterrorist supporting skumbag. Fuckingloser!
And you are the one who daily licks it out.
Go suck gay boy Brocks filthy cock.
thats is complete bullshit because black people arent the only people that can have soul you sound ignorant as shit whites struggle to im black i have many of white friends thjat had it rough growing up so if you really belive that white cant relate c'mon now
You're an uniformed idiot, lazy/maxketter. Many CSRS people (me included) have paid in the full 40 quarters , yet only will receive a very small percentage of full SS. I paid in my 40, and then continued to pay every single month for the next 28 years through military reserves payrolls, yet I will receive zero credit for any of that 28 years because it didn't quite reach the threshold of substantial contributions. So that was money down the drain. More accurately, some of it is going to you, while you spend your life whining about dedicated federal employees who get much less from the government trough than you do.
Im talking present you moron lol.
Apparently so are you, idiot.
YOU ARE A MEAN SPIRITED AZZHOLE. POSTERS HAVE ASKED YOU TO STOP THIS!!!! NO WONDER EVERYONE ON THIS BLOG HATES YOU!
If I could find you..the correct term for your filty h0m0 life would become....extinct.
you are retarded
:disqus YOU CNN FAGGOTS.
Or a flaming queen like Gheyrooster!
fuck off, fucking pathetic bitch, too much to say for yourself.google it.
Decapitate? The helmet hit him in the ass...where your head is!
You`re a sad excuse for a human being.
Your pussy. Stop hitting woman and fight me bitch ass nigga
Don't forget to add that she inspired a troll such as yourself to chime in.... now go back under your bridge and behave yourself.
No one on the left wast's an all encompassing government, you idiot.
Bitch you digraced the whole nation.. Now wait for the whole Pakistan to bombard you with their precious comments! Fuckin FRAUD!
They can buy and they can apply for residency just like any other person. So shut up you ignorant fool.
Yea because I waste my time documenting your lunacy. Sorry dikhead we all know you and what you post. Unlike you we don't suffer from ADD
You are literally like a robot creation from my nightmares. Do they have you on drips feeding all this utter horror into you...Let's hope we never meet, I won't know whether to pray for you or just knock your lights out.
he weak ass fuck
your a fucking toolbag. Why do you think there is a menu? So you can order what they fucking make, not so you can modify shit like some sort of royal prince creating your own masterpiece. Your not paying for the meal really, your paying for Darden INC. to pay me, to talk to your fuckin ugly ass. Your meal your eating is worth about 1/8 of what your paying for it. The rest is for the cooks and I having to deal with you. I just dont get why people think they have some sort of entitlement. Your a baboon, your eating at a fast food joint you chunky jerk! And I pissed on your salad! How you like them breadsticks
O.o some of you fucks who post in this board are retarded. The Waste are fucking awesome! And that show was sick! Fucking internet troll pricks.
LOL!!!! Read the ENTIRE paper REIDtard. Typical poorly educated LIBIDIOT.
and you are a MORON.
Victor Moore you are one dumb ass writher or you are smoking some bad crack. WTF suck hawks nock off the NINERS. WTF. dude buy some good coke. Stay off that bad shit...DUDE are you hanging with Bobby Brown. Dang....
lmao oh yeah? please tell me how the fuck i'd be rigging the polls faggot . maybe if your ass wasn't so dumb youd think of ways to get people to vote your shitty music 5/5. heres two that have apparently been working: make an event on facebook with directions to vote, message the online people on facebook and personally tell them to vote. come on buddy put your brain to work maybe you can be charlie sheening too..smh
LOL you failed as well....People need to learn to stop correcting others for a minimal grammatical error considered irrelevant, because, as can be seen by the lack of be in .so it would easier , we all make mistakes, we are humans, and most regular individuals don't give importance to typing correctly on the internet, unless you are a super grammar nazi.
you truely are a dumb*** hilly i never said it was great i said #8 all time your just stupid aint you.
schoolswot..No its just smug idiot left wing hypocrites that I despise. It is just unfortunate that there are so many of you about.
oh god!!! grow up you sad little loser!!!!
so its sad you idiot. Ray is one of the best pure shooters... so dumb
No, ike i said earlier, Sir you are an A S S
it's fucking fake drama queen!
who da fuk are you calling adumbas pussy.... you'r probully a negro with big ass lips and a big ass nose.
STFU you ignorant communist puke..
Nnamdi chuwkwu you are nothing but dick sucker i wish i'm BOKO.. i will bomb your generation.. .you need to relocate to ZOO
yes, but now you are just a moron!
That girl kinda look cock eye'd but its ok I'd fuck her till that shit turnt straight
Stick it up your ass faggot. ..you get another FLAG!!!!!
Your Teabilly slutchild is just as ignorant as her mother..You people are the trailer trash of America.
While your syntax is fine, your spelling is drug addled.
dick face u would do shit fake ass
Oscar did the right thing so shut the fuck up that asshole dont have any right to hit him like that over a ball. I hope Oscar went over there and put that ball right up Joe Jackson ass.
haha fuck you bitch your a fukn cripled cunt fuck you motherfucker stay off this page unless you want to die bitch!!!
Double retard for you.
If they don't see your ugly face they're lucky. Turd sucker.
true intellect aren't you!! Tebow isn't unemployed, you really are a pathetic idiot
No matter how hard you try, your nasty existance is still not normal.
you sound like rain man.
Whaaaa whaaaaaa, When you lose intellectually you freaks either blame Bush or name call. Newt went in debt a few mill. But the god damned comunity organizer sunk us down 6 TRILLION. You dicks are pitiful.
If it proves anything, it proves that you are not an idiot.
do the research, I'll bet you don't know jacksquat about obies past.
THAT'S GOOD TO KNOW BECAUSE WE WILL NEVER TOUCH A PIG LIKE YOU. WHERE DO YOU GET OFF THINKING YOU PEOPLE ARE SUPERIOR AND THE MOST BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE IN THE WORLD? (BYTCHPLEASE) UNLIKE YOU PEOPLE, WE DON'T GO AROUND DISRESPECTING THE DECEASED. YOUR (LITTLEDYCK) CAN'T EVEN TOUCH THE SURFACE. ONLY A PHATPIG LIKE U WOULD SPEND SO MUCH TIME ON AN ALL BLACK WEBSITE POSTING RACIST COMMENTS BECAUSE YOU ARE UNHAPPY WITH SELF. AT LEAST WE HAVE CONFIDENCE. GO GET SOME SELF ESTEEM AND A (DYCKIMPLANT).
Lick it clean, turd breath.
What a smug basket you are.
Peter,.You are quite the idiot. Are you really this clueless or are you foolishly letting your liberal bias dictate your writings?
All I see in these comments is niggas bitching more then biggest bitches i know..
Were you born stupid or did you have to work at it??
Keep telling yourself that, you dumb tea maggot. The only true racists left are turds like you and your worthless tea maggot friends.
im the homo but you made a comment about liking a guy pic with his shirt off like you wanted to fuck him but im the homo right i'll let the truth speak for itself queer ass fuck boy
May you and your children get the same deserved treatment and end up rotting in the ground.
There you go again telling LIES you are a LAFFS FAN IDIOT and fooling yourself only BIRD BRAIN
You mean like stealing identity such as you are now? Not hardly troll! FLAGGED FOR FAKE SHITT!
it means you are stupider than average, unable to punch your way out of a wet paper bag. But at least you have bragging rights to bully others around with your insane liberal concepts.
and you are a idiot.... I hope and pray you never responsible to protect any child especially a four year old.. in this event where one decides to hurt or possibly kill a child he has already signed his own death warrant....
I'm going to break my own policy of not replying to idiots just this once to tell you what a minimum of reading comprehension should have already told you: The multiple user names reference was to ltdgovt who starting creating a bunch of new ones after claiming to have been banned which never happened as far as I can tell. If it had, creating new user names wouldn't help. As far as whatever your deal is, I don't really give a shit, you whiny little bitch.
hatethehype you are an idiot. Neil was joking.
don't worry bitch. I no more read this shit. Now just shut the fu.ck up
You don't seem to get what I am trying to say, so good day. I'm sick of you arguing with anything that you disagree with. I'm not going to be pulled into your stupid arguments.
dont worry how i sound u bitch made faggot ass nigga
I bet it took awhile for this guy to extract his foot from his mouth.
What a dumbgeister it is F for FAILURE all your distorted life if lies
White men like to rape little boys
Say it isn't so, NBC caught editing tapes again, they has been editing stories for years to fit their FLEABAGGER viewpoint for years now, it is just that no one ever called them on it !!!! You all have to remember that MSNBC & NBC & all the rest of the FLEABAGGER LIBTARD networks are nothing but a bunch of FOCKING HACKS !!! I just can't wait until these FLEABAGGERS are off the air PERMANENTLY, there are 11 FLEABAGGER networks compared to the one conservative network, which is Fox !!!! Fox network has been beating all the FLEABAGGER NETWORKS in the Nielsen Ratings for the last 10 years, HA ! HA ! HA ! you STUPID FLEABAGGER LIBTARDS will never learn will you !!!!!!!!! You FLEABAGGER networks are losing viewership because of your made up news & even other FLEABAGGERS know the BULLSHlT you are up to & they don't appreciate it !!!!
fake pic u hoe ass nigga!
wife you are a vile racist bigot !!
Really? Police wouldn't use tear gas on a white man wanted for 3 counts of capital murder? You are such a fool.
burr headed, purple lipped Kenyan????? are you a human or a right wing asshole. go back under your bridge.
Guess what? No one gives a fuck about you. Get off SNSD articles.
LIZZARONNA .Not only does your ignorance shine through per your ignorant comments , but you can't spell or form a sentence , pathetic loser !
You are a lying son of a bitch. Let's see you post some facts supporting your assertion.
YOU SHUT YOUR WHORE MOUTH! YOU SHUT IT RIGHT NOW! YOU'RE GIVING HIM IDEAS, GODDAMMIT!
BACK OFF HATER'Z!.JUST LEAVE THEM ALONE CUZ ITS NONE OF YOUR BUSSINESS BITCHES:)..JUST IGNORE THEM OLSEN:):):);0:)
yup gang of little nigglet thugs
Go drop dead you fcuking loser. Ram a boom stick up your hairy ass you sex starved unbalanced freak fcuk.
Leave it to a moron to dump smoldering embers into a trash bin next to a house
how the fuck did you come to the conclusion that she initiated anything? You sound like one of those punk niggas who would find any excuse to hit a girl. Go sit doen in timeout
White people invented taco bell you ignorant fuck, you dumb as this nigger in the video. And I aint no fucking wetback, wetbacks are mexicans who swam across the border i was born and raised in san jose california so fuck you and by the way i like peanut butter and cell phones so stick a burrito up your ass im sure thats the only way YOU can enjoy it
You either know that is a lie or you have not checked.
Go and tell him to fuck himself, the twat
Honey, get some brains because quite obviously you didn't read everything I said. Reread it, and if you still have the same crap to say, then and by the way, I am a grown woman. Not a little boy, you racist, stereotypical, bored ass, son of a bitch, who has a lower IQ than my dumb ass dog. You haven't had to live the life of a minority so pull your head out of your ass, get some REAL research like maybe live like us minorities have to and then go realize how good you have it, you white ass rich kid bastard. And good job by the way, you threw some big words in there to make you sound intelligent, too bad your argument still sucks.
I just checked and there are many races mixed in Spain. If she called herself Hispanic, then she has that in her blood. You are so arrogant of an online troll that you THINK you know about people you can't possibly know about. It's sickening.
That was the fuck of that lil cunts life ..goood job! !
If I didn't know better, I'd have thought you were the one who wrote this piece of tripe, in a Sacramento publication no less. As for the career long cheap shot elbow throwing adulterer, and accused rapist Saint Kobe boy, karma is a biatch, isn't it? It doesn't matter. Kobe Dolt shouldn't even be mentioned in the same breath as Lebron. The man child couldn't carry his sack. It's just something you, and other Faker fans can fantasize about. As for you, my tiny little Faker worm...it's time to crawl back down into your little hole. Your old girls are going down soon. You can bet on it. I am. Life is good.
Are you proud of your trolls?
LMAO. Do people who hate gays and lesbians really think protesting will get us to stop having kids and being a family?? You serious?? Its funny how everyone quotes the bible but it also says DIVORCE is a sin, BEING A DRUNKARD is a sin, BEING A BASTARD is a sin, CHEATING IS A SIN. Have you idiots not read the 10 commandments?? Those are ALL ABOMINATIONS! You anti gay homophobes are so ignorant. Karma is a bitch. You just wait and see, haters.
You are the disgusting one.
What they would've edited it to say?..You really love showing how ignorant and blatantly brainwashed you are don't you? Covgrats, now we all know how much of a loser you are, fstaff.
You're a fu cking idiot. You don't even know what the word 'smart' means.
Why did they interview you? r. r.Did you commit suicide?
You talked to grade school kids with strong opinions on Bill Maher today?..You're a f ucking liar.
you're not stupid, just dumb
The child molester calling someone a racist, too funny! And then you make a gay slur, hilarious!
You are a traitor.
And what happens when a bunch of religious fanatics defend a pedophile? Gee, sounds like the Catholic church! You are a disgusting piece of work.
If you think it's is so insignificant, why are you spending time commenting, unless you are a troll and can't help yourself. Get a life.
go fuck yourself.
Shudup and pay your fair share for a change you greedy cracker. You sound like a jew when yous tart whining about money, it's time you paided your fair share.
Ha ha, Anthony is idiot. He thinks he knows basketball but is too dumb to know he is dumb.
Wrong again look it up fool. The list of SB winner w/ Hall of Fame QBs at the helm is NOT ENDLESS. Not even close you boob. Quit talking out of your ass. Scatterbrain is a good name for you afixing your IQ to the end of it is also a nice touch.
Thank You! You just proved to everyone here that you possess an IQ of no higher than 20.
Jerome the fruit.. the worlds STILL isn't going to accept you and your sodomite father doing each other to unconsciousness.. get over it
Still proclaiming your stupidity
First off, I'm a girl you piece of shit and spawn of the devil. Second, RESEARCH MY NAME AND IT WILL COME OUT AS SON OF LUCIFER? REAAAAALLY? I PITY YOUR PARENTS, HAVING A CHILD AS BUGO AS YOU. YOU KEEP SAYING I AM THE FATHER OF THIS, FATHER OF THAT, UNYA? IS THAT THE BEST YOU CAN COME UP WITH? BRING IT ON DIPSHIT, BRING IT.
Ah. You're one of *those* guys (self flagellating alt tech guy).
I hope you liberals/progressives/soc ialists/com munists who are commenting here are really proud of yourselves with your fi lth y comments about AB. Keep it up. It shows who you really are, a bunch of snarky, ha te ful, elitist, de cei tful, and dec eived useful id i ots of the dark. Crawl away slim ers.
Yet here you are, day after day, supporting the paper by clicking on links and making comments, increasing site traffic...You just cant cure stupid.
WTF are you talking about? & more important shit? like taking time out of your life to comment on me calling another nigga ugly? Hmm yeah your still in middle school.
I'm no liberal you cocksucker, just not so stupid a fucker as to shoot a kid going for candy... You're a puzzy that is scared of shadows.
rec just shut your mouth with your neo nazism. you are just a weak minded social reject compelled to strong leaders like hitler because you cant fend for yourself.
If its so lame why did you read this or for that matter search this topic maybe you should think a little more before you make yourself look like a fucking hippocrate.
you are an ignorant piece of sh#t.
I'm a butch woman: won't you come try and whoop my ass you weak ass sniffling little troll???? In fact better yet bring your wife along,,she's almost hot,and I'm sure she'd hightail it away from you BOY!!!!! :*
I am not dude ....you moron! Go back to your mothers
Are you guys fucking retarded ? you're trying to take pictures of these girls ?! you guys are worse than the scum of the earth
pepes list updated:...BEST PLACE TO GET YOUR DICK SUCKED:...Hialeah swag's house..between him and his mom te sacan la espumita
What's funny as hell is Rooster and you being married, retard.
Chasm when you spam like the village idiot you are you will never get any converts to your stupid political bias cause ...... Nice pointy tin foil hat you got there too bud!
Would it make ya feel any better if he was molesting girls? You're really dumb, but you're dumb by choice. You choose to ignore everyone telling you facts, but you choose to be dumb.
you are a fool
sorry are you lost little boy the men are talking please take your whineing else were and notice how no body sad anything about cod
Taxing people at different levels is not redistribution of wealth you fucking retard. That's like saying a fat person is redistributing fat by eating more.
Stop wasting our air you idiot.
How can you possibly be such an ass hole all the time? Jesus, this is exhausting. People that say they have big dicks generally have small ones. Hahah, believe it or not, I defended your bitch ass when you first joined the website. Pussy.
I am going to hate all over this page because Im homophobic..... FUCK OFF LESBIAN GOOD THING THAT BITCH DIED ONE LESS LESBO IN THE WORK
DO YOUR JOB IN HATE LOSER
Crawl back under your bridge you miserable pathetic troll.
ponyfags fuck off
You are completely clueless.
You can get treatment for your dillusional inferiority complex, you sad little troll.
Damnit GW, don't be such a pussy. You liked the white you should have stuck with the white.
No you are just stupid.
You are a really well rounded idiot, aren't you?
Yuck imagine knowing a total fucking douche like you! Your mom should have swallowed dude! She did this world an injustice!
Ok now your getting silly, which is not a surprise coming from liberals like you
I'd rather see you getting lynched!
I bet you take monstrous shits.
You are despicable and disgusting.
I think one might get rabies from biting you. Do you actually read what you type? You're a psycho. And you may be newish here, but you sound like this old fart who used to fill this forum with similar mindless drivel. ..Why do you hate Romney so much? Clearly even such a mentally senile old dip stick like yourself recognizes that he is nothing more than the white version of Barrack Obama. I don't really think you're on drugs. Only someone mentally disturbed can sound like a as much a crackpot as you do.
And he helped to remove Mubarak by??????????? Oh I forgot, he was demonstrating in Cairo all those nights back in 2010. You are so blinded by your own political stupidity.
You're reaching. I am a proud American. You're still an idiot.
u are a sick moron
You are the fake.
So you are a serbian traditionalist retard?..What about serbian mafia, like Zemun clan and Arkan?..You hypocrisy is laughable.
mrbreeze68: that marks you a dumb Arab.
Madden. Mass Effect, Battlefield, Need For Speed. Those games all have competitors ..IGN biasd EA gave us money LIE!!..Show me the motherfucking compitition for Madden PLEASE PLEASE prove me wrong, untill then...make sure you stop trying to act like your just generally interested in why we hate EA and not paid by them to ask this question. Your some greedy fucks just like them and your not fooling anyone but the middle schoolers.
Makes you a filthy nasty poor trash racist loser.
Honey, you're only getting a taste of your own medicine here. You're one of the biggest internet bullies and a dumb one at that. How many times have you called other girls whores and prostitutes or made racist statements, but, of course, when you do it it's totally something else. May I remind you when you had to publicly apologize to Dawn Yang for the things you said about her and when you called women liars who were raped by a man which you deemed 'too good looking' to rape someone? Don't start your faux feminist shit when you don't have a fucking clue about what it means to respect women. You deserve all the backlash and more because, face it, you're an asshole.
Some village is missing their idiot.
Aw... da poor Amber is out of clever retorts so he resorts to 4 year old parrot tactics... .Lol!! :) You've now regressed beyond what that 7 year old bully did to you! Bravo!! .Perhaps we can regress you to the point that you spit up on youself like an infant?
Yeah, Leon. I mean, you kinda should shut the fuck up if you're going to be critical of anyone with that avi up. It's too easy. Almost like a person with Downs Syndrome (sp) getting beside themselves and calling another (Non Downs) person stupid during an unfortunate episode. Knock that shit off, sir. Your entire cyber being is rife with ridiculousness.
THIS FAGGOT WILL FLOP
why don't your wife blow all off the liberals for a quarter each and donate the money,,,????
i think both of you need to grow up and stop arguing over a fuckin computer all day and do something with your lives like maybe go outside for a change or get out of your moms basement and find a job. :D
you're clearly retarded.
Your dumb.
no you shut the fuck up attacking doctors. Bloody creeps like you all screeching fuck doctors! & slagging them off wholesale until you need one to save your life or your kids life or your granny's life, then you crawl and beg for them to help, cry on their shoulder, wring their hands with thanks when they save your life etc...selfish little spoilt ****'s the lot of you. Like whining children who want it all but at no cost to themselves... ooh boo hoo we have to pay doctors a decent wage and pension, boo hoo! ..Go live in africa then if you love your I wont pay a penny for a civilised society capitalism so much.
fcbba858f167b1594a66777bca:disqus ..You've got islamic apologist written all over your face. These people were poisoned, plain and simple.
That's not funny,,,whats funny would be your family watching you DIE of A $$ cancer, ha haa haaa
cockneywideboy..So your the obese twat taking up all the pavement...get a diet going and come back when you're cockneyslimboy.
Are you and Higher(replying to mesaman above) the same loser or are you sniffing the same glue pot? Perhaps you are just libtard products of our sorry education system, in which case you should be offered a real education in the USMC, if they would take you.
She should've let her dumbass sister keep getting hit. Look how she screamed for her to stop beating him up. This is gonna sound fucked up but IDC. If a bitch gotta have her shit leaking and be near death to learn, SO BE IT.
You are a typical one liner Fu&^tard troll.
You're not the world's best debater.
I already explained that sissy but,i'll say it i'll say it again to a little punk b*tch like you.White folks cheer and support him because their you're tired of seeing black boxing champions so they will support any fighter as long as their not black idiot.
you p%nk a## chump i will knock your block off you internet coward . ny bamma!!!!!!!!
YOU'RE THE SICKO YOU BITCH. YOU KNOW WHAT, YOUR WHOLE LIFE IS UGLY AND THERE'S NOT ONE THING THAT PEOPLE LIKE ABOUT YOU. GET A LIFE AND DON'T TELL ME WHAT TO DO BITCH I'LL PUNCH YO FACE TILL YOU TURN PURPLE
When you are s u c k i n g Odumbo's d i c k, do you swallow?
So are you. Oh wait, sorry, you're just an idiot. God has no sympathy for you. Sorry you were born stupid. Take care!
No! You are an idiot!!
....Wade....You are a pathetic piece of former star CRAP
FUCK YOU.
NO WHITE PERSON WHO WAS NOT RACIST WOULD E V E R CALL THEIR FRIEND THAT. YOU ARE A BUNCH OF COONS. HER AND HER WHITE FRIENDS HAD A REALLY GOOD LAUGH!
i defended lana every time someone said bad things about her, now i dont know what to think, lana is a bitch and a whore
More idiots posting on a subject they nothing about.
you are an idiot pbgallag. it has been a rough 2012 for halladay. but with the career he has had to say he sucks is ignorant and reflects more on your lack of intelligence.
do you know who I AM? FU YOU 30 ROCKSUCKER
you sound like an ignorant dickhead.
You are an evil despicable animal, and I'm sure eventually you'll get yours. God has a special plan for vile creatures like you.
fucking idiot!
Youre fucking retarded
You are a moron son.. Come on be a man and call it like it is..
LOL Look at the brain. tdamage. Momma drink when she was pregnant?
you're an idiot
you know you love when i give details like when you suck my cock and i say 'oh swallow me while i finger your asshole'
Still here? You love getting smacked around ,huh? You just keep coming back for more.
and you're fucking Pinterest up! It used to be so cool and friendly before people like you found a way to abuse it.
I admitted a work history that included protecting kids from creeps like you w/ the NYPD; Ronald Reagan not only visited us twice but praised us in a State of the Union; the NY GIANTS came to lift weights and a republican cabinet member came w/ out fan fare to serve dinner every now & then; I guess Nancy Reagan hugging our kids made her suspicious too. get a life; and speaking of life, once again what has your miserable life ever amounted to?
why are you still here then????....SIMPLETONS like you are anything but refreshing...
You are not one of us. Fuck off fag
Nope, I have a brain.. unlike you
how many times do i have to tell u retards. i dont live in the uk. it was 2pm when i commented u utter bellend.
I suppose it's just to give retards like you something to do.
Let me rephrase my initial comment about you and your post;.Pathetic little boy.
Thanx for the fake address. Knew you were a bltch. Go tell your mom to bring you some cookies.
We are not talking about INCEST here you fool.....use your common sense when making an irrational statement that you claim is rational!
You sir/madam, are a d*ck.
Shut the fuck up so where do you shop your clothes k mart ? if you dont your a sucker for clothes brand like Hollister or American eagle or some skater brand. .Go kill yourself Your ignorant
I wanna skull fuck both of you.right.now that is after i blow ur brains out with my shotgun in a horrid mess you low life fuckin imbiciles
Reported, you redneck coward.
Go away libTURD, your kind just can't stand that the man told the truth, something you would never understand!
Are you asking because your Mom wants to sell your anus to her crack dealer?
It's not the acting I'm talking about, it's the rediculous salaries for something that doesn't benefit humanity other than entertainment purposes. Sorry you misunderstood...you must be an actor...if you are, I hope you do great things with your money to help our society instead of spending it on material objects that won't help you when you get sick...just saying!
And you really believe SHE PAID for that car? Really??? Damn, you dumb! LMAO!!!
S T F U and pay your dues
Randal, regarding your first paragraph above, what articulett said!..Regarding you second paragraph, you really don't see what you are forced to do here, do you? It's what I see you arguing on your blog and in our co written book. You stretch things to suit what you believe. You use improbabilities to conclude a probability. You do this all of the time, almost in every case. ..Take my speculation that most non believers, especially former Christians, have heard many of the .things you say in this book, but most Christians have not considered the .things I say in it. (that's how I meant the sentence per aritculett)...First off, when it comes to FORMER CHRISTIANS we were scared to death to seriously doubt our faith. We were scared because of the threat of hell if we get it wrong. You probably do not understand this. When the time comes for you to seriously doubt your faith you will understand it. At that point you must be convinced your faith has almost no probability to it at all in order to reject it, since that is the point where Pascal's Wager has no more force on us. So we investigated it thoroughly, most of us. The more educated we are in our faith then the more we must investigate it. So it's more likely what you have said in our book will be things most former Christians have considered before...I have a mountain of anecdotal evidence for this as well. Almost every Christian I have spoken to always learns something from me and I have learned little or nothing from them. This scenario repeats itself every time I have a disunion with a Christian, and can be seen from the responses to my blog over a six and a half year period. I teach them. They do not teach me...When it comes to NON BELIEVERS in general studies have shown that non believers know more about the Bible than Christians. That's evidence, baby. The probability therefore that non believers will not learn as much from you in our book is more likely, than otherwise...So these speculations of mine have evidence for them. Evidence. That's what I'm talking about, here, there, and in our co written book. You must skirt it at almost every step in order to believe. ..And you provide some evidence that this is what you do here. You compared the probabilities of my speculations with predicting how many people will get rained on next February 18th. I did not say how many believers would learn more from me than you, nor did I speculate how many skeptics would not learn as much from you. I only speculated than MOST believers would learn more from me. Most, as defined as above 50%, minimally. You however compared my speculations with prediction of how many people would get rained on next February 18th. That's asking someone to specify a mathematical number of people who will get rained on. You are also asking for the impossible, or the near impossible, since no one can predict what the weather will be like on one part of the planet seven months from now (charitably assuming that's your comparison rather than asking someone to predict the number of people who will get rained on globally). w..*ahem* there is absolutely NO comparative parity here at all...This is what I see you do all of the time...The unfortunate thing is that I have to spend 15 20 minutes explaining this to your deluded mind. That's a waste of your mind in my opinion, a waste of an otherwise bright mind who would never use it in like this in any other area of life except when it comes to your faith...Not only that, but I predict you are not done defending this utterly ignorant comparison...You do realize that I've stopped wasting so much time blogging because of Christan like you, correct? Your reasoning abilities when it comes to your faith is just that bad, sorry. I have no hopes of convincing you jsut as I have no hopes of convincing a leader in Scientology. You cannot be argued out of your faith because you were never reasoned into it in the first place...There is only hope for others.
Awww....it's ok, your mummy gave you up because you were a hideously ugly and stupid child.
Only a black racists idiot would claim that the NAACP is not racist in todays world, especially since you're a member...And I don't give a 'bo' whether you take that personally or not.
Linux Torvalds: NVIDIA, FUCK YOU ! .this will remain in history, if Linus said it then Nvidia deserves it
You stupid racist motherfucker! I bet you'd never say that to a black man or woman't face would you?
Idiot: if they try to land the plane it is too heavy & will have a very bad accident & could kill everyone. Crawl back under your rock where it is dark. Better to dump fuel than kill everyone & more on the ground.
You wicked shit, you have the mitigated gall to call the Lord's name in your filthy beer smelling mouth.
Demonocrats are the party of 56,000,000 ABORTIONS...ALSO, HOMOSEXUALITY IS ABOUT AS EVIL AS IT GETS IN HUMAN BEINGS. You are the most violent MERCYLESS MONSTERS TO EVER DRAW BREATH. ..GAYDOLPH SURROUNDED HIMSELF WITH YOU. There were LIMITS ON YOUR SAVAGERY(Source, A CREATURE named CHAZ, tole me)...Rhetorical question, Scroto, WHERE WOULD YOU LIKE TO SEE THE NEXT SEVERAL THOUSAND INNOCENT AMERICANS, BE TURNED INTO COOKED DOG FOOD?
Really! Understand this. I'd tell you to go fuck yourself, but you have your head shoved so far up your ass, theres no room for your shriveled dick.
shut up faggot face faggot lol
oh just shut your shitty mouth stinky queen!go clean your toilets!
Fat, like you Kurt?
Your name isn't Richard its Dick . See me funny. Loser. Now go get a job. Dumbass. No need to reply while mommy is wiping your ass. Wow this is fun. haha.
Your comment exposes you as iliterate and a fool
you are a stupid writer!!!
You realize everytime you take a crap, you are polluting.
What a pathetic little man you are.
OVER promoted idiot get your facts right!
typical Muslim, what do you expect from him?
Think if a little man like PAC makes floyd run for his life,I wonder what he will do if he did have to fight S.R.R He would pull an OJ in a bronco with the gu.n to his pointed head
not funny jack@$$. you are a total db! friggin moron.
What you are, jussi, is a plain old fashioned IDIOT. I am no fan of the USA any more than I am a fan of airchair bigot warriors like yourself....I am talking about the politics inherent in warfare AND made a comment as to why Hamas chooses NOW to accept responsibility openly, you fool...This is the area I am trained in, political science. Not superstition and religiously motivated jargon, like you.
:disqus Read through the comments on this thread and you're the definition of a dick rider. I bet you have a poster of 50 in your room.
lol and by the way u seem with ur anime icon ur just another manga fan that cant get pussy so he jerks off with fake titted women lol i purposely commented again just to piss u off now go eat a dick theirs a pimp sumwhere that needs the money from your ass on ur knees
@ ede444 and that's all you've got to say is it well i won't be losing any sleep over it. Whether or not you are the same person or not you have the same stupid mentality. You're both like a couple of children so, easy to think you are one and the same. Your posts are the poorest in taste so you can't complain at mine. Calling me names just makes you look like a fool. If you think I'm showing off with any of my post it must mean you haven't done much with your own life. My posts are just a reflection of the truth to which you are obviously a green eyed monster. Nothing special to me or most people to say what languages one can speak or whether they've had the chance to meet important people. Perhaps you should concentrate on bettering your sad miserable life instead of posting childish comments to me.
go eat your dog you pos libtard
Excellent command of the English language! Once again I want to commend you ni@@ers on your skillz .
The fuck is wrong with you?!? You are so fucked up how can you say that!
i will fuckin kill u in real life track u down than shove a katana u ur ass just bcuz we asians r smarted than u dicks doesnt mean u could beat him up i swear i will be at chicago in 2 hours
Hmm pointless lives..... yup, Elitist Pig you are....
cant beleive the crap you say, you spell your name as the female Andi, so i do hope you are female,or are you just another ignorant idiot that gives Americans a bad name?
why dont you just eatshitanddie? you are not wanted here, now run along skippy.
Floyd, you are a coward, plain and simple...That is all.
That's right magoo you assclown, you are now my bitch. LOL, are you saying you got pwned by a dork? LOLOLOL! Quit trying to write off your libtard mistake of replying to me as just having fun. Anyone reading the thread can see how confused you were in your unsolicited reply. Your life must be pretty boring if all you have to do is stick your nose up my ass and follow me around. My own personal stalker! I'm flattered. It must be you who is liking all my posts. Gee thanks! Now you will have to fight Blue F for ass time with your noses, he seems to be firmly entrenched. LOLOLOL! Rock on doofus!
hey cock sucker i have a decent job so before you go running that big dick sucker of yours get the facts straight and if you were actually a hard ass you would come say this shit to my face you pansy piece of shit next time you want to talk shit to me post it with your mother fucking name nigga
You can't sing, and you can't pray but you can wahoo it up over gay rape..just plain fuck liberals..all of them..and knock the dog shit out of them first if you are so inclineds.
Absolutely moronic and unable to see the just motivation for legislation...Drink driving is a crime, not drinking alcohol. Why can you not comprehend that? Are you really that fucking stupid?
Quit..fucking..with my trolling..douche
Poor baby, you didn't get your extreme santorum, Ron Paul, or any of the other losers. Vote for Obama punk! You are a bitter Coney Island Whitefish that never had a chance to be used. You are worthless and a pintless ideologue bigot... Your sentiment of vitriol comes at know surprise. you must have given a a bunch of money away.... Poor baby (literally). Punk!
Wow, you really shouldn't suck your daddy's dick with that mouth.
It would only be news to you if it were reversed. We get it now and get it with your every post. You are a liberal puke that champions every liberal cause. Got it glea.
You're a turd Neil and will always be one. Picking on a rookie...yeah big tough guy. No worries....you'll get yours one day.....loser.
are you watching or partisapating ill kill you hes your not your point and ur ugly and who do you think you are you saw thats not enough how many times dose he halt too watch her go thats faking it likewats you people fit mad. you dont get it i was not there rite here you hurt my feelingz they think he likes you tou think youll live i s that true ...if you come near my man or my family down here in Louisiana I would rip your eyeballs out with my fingernails. . . I dont need no gun, no knife, I would bloody kill you birch!
How is defending your child vigilante justice?..Why are you defending a child rapist? Are you a closet pedo?
Eat shit and die Andrew
you're clearly a nigger ^^
Its not after 2. innings for India A you jer*k off..i am sure a dou*che*bag like you cannot. remember the priceless 50 he scored in 4th innings of the test match that he. won for India against South Africa..and tons of such innings at the state. level..but i guess di*ckheads like u are on a shi*t pile diet to understand. any of it..think twice before opening the drainage pipe that is ur mouth u. los*er
In the north, social service would take away her brother. Stupid!
snap out of it you are so biased, whould you say the same if saddam hussain was still in power. or would you do what most shia's did including Iran , go against saddam at any cost even if you have to lie to get bush to enter the war,.dont talk about syria or iran being anti Israel. Iran never fourght a war in the name of islam read history, they are an obstical in the way of islam..,,,... Regarding killing of people no body knows who is doing this , what the syrians who live in the neghbourhood are they blind maybe there oppressed but not dumb, , ? you sound like the assad regime who lie evry time.
all you do is sit on this site and hate on every successful artist. You are the epitome of a crab you broke muther fucker! Dumb bitch
do you have any proof that Romney stole anything? Or are you just a stupid libtard troll?
Tell me how the bridge can be fixed. Oh, you can't. Get off your soapbox, retard.
First of all, fuck Nickelback...Second, while I agree with you that 30 may be a little high (ahead of Johnny Cash and Michael Jackson? Eh.), it's important to remember that Nirvana, and Kurt in particular, were the face of angsty teens and young adults everywhere and still are to this day.
you are soooo dumb!
And while you're at it, please prove how your point related to past draconian laws that banned inter racial marriage? That intent was to ban mixed races. Just stop it please! You are insulting intelligence.
Where's all the Ron Paul trolls, to defend this piece of shit?
i love how yo are a complete moron, and you havvee to be a complete retard to hate naruto, like seriously man? can you even form proper sentences? well, OBVIOUSLY NOT.
You are a COMPLETE idiot...not even a partial.
da fuck this nigga talkin bout? everything this hoe was doing was turning me on......this nigga gay
:disqus you are a pathetic nobody.
Go fuck yourself you dumbass bitch. MEGAN FUGATE IS A DIRTY ASS LYING GUTTER SLUT FUCKIN WHORE AND I WOULD SHOOT THAT BITCH MYSELF. and you don't know shit about the trial. DON'T YOU EVER TALK SHIT ON MIKE OR DYLAN YOU FUCKIN CUNT. And yeah Dylan was there that night it fuckin happened you dumb bitch. You don't know shit I know EVERYTHING. so go bury yourself a fuckin hole, lay in it, and fuckin die and we can put Megan fugate right next to you:)) and you both can fuckin die and rot in hell together you dumb piece of shit cunt. Go fuckin die so I can shit and piss on your grave.
make your mother stop spreading Herpes
Straight douche, wish it was you, you worthless, racist, coward piece of shit
you're an idiot
Why would I want to meet you? You have absolutely no redeeming qualities based on your delusional posts.
For the record, I'm not gay, nor do I understand the attraction. But self righteous, despicable, vermin like you are the reason OUR Republican party is going to lose the election in November to Bozo. If I wasn't so disgusted with the sense of entitlement and lack of self responsibility the dems propgate, I'd vote dem. It's not enough for you to live and let live. Gays aren't hurting you. You have to attack their lifestyle as if it's YOUR business what they do behind closed doors. My guess is you're just another bible thumper, probably with gay tendencies yourself you're fighting.
#nWo4Life.#FuckTrolls
that bitch was dead wrong just because she had a fucked up life dont mean take someone else r.i.p. Hernandez life gone before he got to live it senseless at&t giving out Iphones for a penny fuck it let that bitch dial collect for the rest of her life she dont even deserve that much stupid bitch
All I have to say to you Bay is: Fuck you!
Whiny bastard. You're up to your fucking eyeballs in this LIE, don't try and back pedal it now. Face it, your name will be forever linked to the most LYING, corrupt, disingenuous, filthy group ever to mislabel itself as news. Don't like that? TOO BAD! You should have thought of that before you sold your soul to Rupert Murdoch for your thirty pieces of silver. You made your dinner, now EAT IT, BABY! Scum sucking little dirt bag, one lie doesn't cover up another.
We will bury you in November, parasites.
by the way, Leidiot is a jerk.
Yeah you probably havew a dick to you ugly fucking monkey black whore, you are not even a women to me, no black women are I think of you as monkeys that should be in the zoo. Now go get your cunt sterilized slus so you dont make any more nixxers
Because you are an idiot jpcali.
Dang I have a sister? Dats new to me..ur wife still wants big black Miami dic.k...lol..and it's nothing u can do bout it..she wants dat 305 stick up in her..lmao..lol..she goes hard.
Papo Swing, go to hell with that little weasel dick Carlson. In other words, fuck you, your mother and every one of your inbred relatives.
Hey DeNiro go fok yourself u WOP.
You really are NOTHING but an animal, aren't you?..Have a nice day, I sincerely hope you manage to get some help for your anger issues...You are OBVIOUSLY DEEPLY DISTURBED and you have my sympathy.
Ignorant, ignorant, ignorant...piece of crap so is his mother how dare you defend / blame this behavior!!!Shame on you and the devil you spawned...
Wow, you really are a fooI.
You like whore.
* HAHA TRANNY ???? *. COME HARDER NEXT TIME CUZ YOU MAD LAME !!!. FUCK OUTTA HERE WITH YOU'RE UGLY ASS !!!!
Idiotic. Beyond idiotic, actually. You must LIKE being a loser.
You sir are a complete idiot
You shut your filthy mouth talking about LAs premier team like that.
You're an idiot. We should be sued for all the shit we've done in the MidEast. If we're not bombing, droning, starting wars, we're fucking funding them.
You, sir, are an idiot
your still a commie basturd, and i hope you get stuffed in a commie oven.
Thereisnoreason to pat L4C on the back, she's as dumb as you are.
really what planet are you on?
so you dumbphuck retard sh!te kunthead,son of your phucking WHORe momma knows everything huh???you dumb phuckface???????????????????????????????
hey Kraut piss off and go to bed...you are getting old and boring
...yeah CO Mmj patient is a fuck tard, one of the 3 shops my ass..
Actually just got told to get to my bed. Fuck off Jackie ya old cow.
You conceited little invertebrate. Hopefully you pass on that decrepit arrogance to the children you won't have, you bag of maggot scum.
The hospital has confirmed that he had a seizure. No alcohol or drugs involved. Now I suppose by your thinking, the hospital is lying, afterall they are all communists or Nazis. You sound like a fool.
You lefty loons are so dumb, you don't realize just how dumb you are. You idiots must have taken Gibberish 101 in kindergarten, and you all passed with flying colors!
Just too freakin' funny... You are so stupid... Talk about gullible...
you get the ridicule because you're a fuk'n POS pr1ck...little troll
...Or not nigga! Put that shit away. take your ass home and flush that shit.
Funny that you are defending a murderer d**kless idiot defending a d**kless idiot.
gawd you're f*cking pathetic, how sick is your life to be so hateful?
Stick tha dick back in ya mouth make like its Haloween.and bob for apples. Dumb bitches like you dont deserve to talk
Maybe you are the braindead moron, religious bigot.
The pills are your little technicolor friends. They stop the voices in your head.
Don't keep Nag waiting. It's hard on his knees. 'Twisted'. Tonight. Bromance.
GAY FAGGOT NERD FUCKERS r.TROLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLLOLOOLOLOLOLOLLLOLLLLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
your ego makes you less qualified.
Those taxpayers you scorn pay your wage and ridiculous benefits, moron. you make me sick and are beneath contempt. You're the product of a legalized monopoly negotiated by people trying to buy influence with unlimited supplies of taxpayer money. Screw off, parasite.
fat lip monkeys get shot???and how r u smarter then blacks because u have a rice dick and suck noddles all day dont make u smart
CLOSE YOUR MOUTH CHIMP
Haney you suck as a painter...keep your day job...wait you suck at that too
GAY FAGGOT NERD FUCKERS r.TROLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLLOLOOLOLOLOLOLLLOLLLLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
no your not dickhead..I WON THIS FIGHT!
And your an idiot.
Nazi inc,.my people didnt forgot Salazar era and there are still many people who remembers it...Too stupid for common sense, sad little nazi? :D..You will never ignore me, because your clownish hatred and clownish comments are always exposed by me.
you are soooo inteligent white girl. Tell us black people more about ourselves. Im sure u know more about us then we do
You are clearly stupid, that is what he meant you thumb.
Proof positive that you are idi0t
That d .Be .Great ..Except for , you shouldn't use the word WE .You re a pat het ic loser , living from oa y Che que to pay Che que ..Haiti .Doesn't .Need .You ..I doubt you can even help yourself ...Thank you
Another big tale coming from someone that has no ideal what in hell he is talking about.
P.S. And drop that loser Suzy. You are a LOSER and a trouble maker. Exit stage left, and go get a job. It is a RAP!!!!!
Obviously you are a deeply sad, twisted and debauched indivudal whom if I were to meet I would take great pleasure in tearing the face clean off...Why don't You top yourself and o the world a favour, no doubt after you've had one final masturbation anout Jon Venables you little maggot
Looks like the dipshat left the building. What a joke. Go back to where you came from Bob the slob.
Morteza Hosseini, you're an idiot.
go eat some ships and shut the fuck up .....you are nothing but a stupid
You can't see it because you're a clueless idiot. Show me how he is helping the middle class you stupid Obama semen slurper
never ratified?..get the fuck out of here and go back to your silo.
the very last thing i said was that you sound like an idiot because you just like mcshay don't do research. the fact that you said that this is your main source of gaming news just proves your an idiot. stop being tough on the internet
Papism ? How about Popery ? Aren't you late for your klavern meeting? Sheets washed and starched? Eyelits cut in the white hood?
This website should have been named www.haterscentral.com because this website is full of people like you.
Mane she stupid as fuck thinking everybody pose be nice to her fat out of shape ass they go hard at beyonce why would people not diss her fat ass
And nobody partially gives a fuck about you or your gaRbage state
And what are you going to do tough guy?
So in your perverted mind if someone posts something about Obama that is discredited it is ok for you to post the unmitigated bullshit that you do?..WHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAA HA HA HA
you are an idiot and doubt very seriously you have ANY proof to back such a ridiculous statement
You really are NOTHING but an animal, aren't you?..Have a nice day, I sincerely hope you manage to get some help for your anger issues...You are OBVIOUSLY DEEPLY DISTURBED and you have my sympathy.
I was just pointing out a fact as to why most SEC fanbases are borderline crazy. It's all they have. If that made you upset, get fucked you whiny little bitch
No you f u c k head!!!!!!!!!!!
you are really stupid
hahaha wtf? jesus christ you retard, don't embarrass yourself on the internet.
Aww its ok you too young for a tattoo haha having tattoos of your idols is not gay i have my dad and grandpa tattooed on me is that gay nope your a idiot and immature little bitch.
suck your own dick you assfuck! you must die, you gay cock sucker! bullshit!!!!!!!!
HAHAHAHAHA you can't handle the fact that I know you're a fraud.
SO freaking busy ... so little time, so many fucking idiot sheeple! ..I struggle to understand the depths that the zit club has sunk to. It's like a never ending sucking machine pulling them down Down DOWN further trapped in the maze of their own delusions. WHAT? Hands? She's devoted a post ... an entire post! to the discussion of hands, complete with blown up pictures and pie charts and hair follicles under the microscope. I do hope she realizes that she CAN'T get a DNA sample from a picture that Kate posted on her Twitter account.
Conservative scum bag retort to any criticism of Grifter Queen Bitch:...WAAAAA!!!!!!!! They're reporting on stuff!!!! Evil Libruls!! ..Are you Tina Tampa? You must be....
yea, identify yourself, dont be only big mouth here. You absolutely dont know me, but technically you can see my facebook id with name and profile pic on it, or else you are too dumb to see it. Come on, TV superstar of bullshit.
Troll Spear.Any prospect of you learning to speak like anything except a petulant child? No, huh?. ..hey mfcker get the fck off my dick you fuktwatcockbitchfag
it's shit, I dont think my comment will get here. But its not free and comes with lots of crap you dont need. You M F
You're a dim wit.
BITCH ASS NIGGA, WE KNOW YOU A COWARD, YOU SCARED TO PUT UP A PROFILE PIC! GET THE FUCK OUT HERE!
You're a complete idiot!
Hey, Buttfuckle, when your wife is hip deep in the lime light destroying Republicans, will she still have time to vacuum your rug and wipe your bottom for you?..What color will your nanny be?
Last year, you're saying we ARE bankrupt, Understand grammar?
Shut up, stupid. You said that NONE Of them do...Then you said the ones who do, do so to troll Westerners...Now you're changing your story again. You're truly an imbecile.
You're the stuff of nightmares, moron
I FUCKED YOUR WHITE MOM GGG. YOU KNOW THAT STANDS FOR GERMAN GOO GIRLS RIGHT? SOME RAUNCHY ASS PORNOI, I ACTUALLY THINK I SAW YOU ON IT GETTING YOUR BLACK ASS PISSED ON
is your hat white with a point? does it hide your face! And i don't need to learn from you, your mind is gone; sick
you can't import from yourself. stupid.
haha you don't own an iphone? man your fucking poor
I SEE YOU ARE DETALINGING WHAT HAPPENED IN YOUR FAMILY, YOU FORGET THE PART WHERE YOUR FATHER ATE THE EBST PART OF YOU OFF YOUR MOTHERS AZZ CRACK
DG You're really an asshole...I hope you don't have children.
Otherwise quit acting like an internet tough guy who lives in his moms basement.
Referred to them as f ing coons. I'd say that's pretty racist you little slut.
aww, you poor little cowardly redneck..strong intelligent black woman scares you..it must be sad to live life as a right wing redneck cowardly pansy
Another loser comment. I'm am honored that everyone gets to see what an as%hole you really are. But I'm sure your co workers at McDonald's already knew that.
You are an azz Mejon!!!
Loser maggot can't make any money because you have no talent...Live in squalor like you deserve.
You want a smack on the back of your head punk?
Kurius, you said everything that needed to be said here. I will still add that Charles you are a pretentious toolbox for thinking your opinions are remotely viable. Scooby..........you moron, DJ's are musicians because they make music. Just because they don't play an instrument and you don't like the music they produce doesn't mean a damn thing. Charles and Scooby.....You Fail!
YOU SHUT YOUR FUCKlNG MOUTH YOU DlRTY WHORlNG DRUNK BlTCH
I swear I hate when U fresh off the boarder wetback crooked eyebrow short hairy mexicans come on our site and bash on us!!! I CANT WAIT UNTIL A REPUBLICAN IS ELECTED SO THEY CAN SHIP U FUCKIN WETBACKS RIGHT BACK TO MEXICO AND CUBA!
Ever eat AIDS infected feces? Just eat your own and you will..
So you call any teen who gets pregnant a dumb bitch ? That's freakin dumb. You know, it happens sometimes. ..Yeah, try getting out from behind your computer screen and saying that to someone's face, you pussy. I can't get enough of you compassionate, loving, selfless, kind, looking out for your fellow man libs. You just love to call everybody who disagrees with you bigoted, and you don't realize what a polluted soul you have.
Are you still around sicko? You're the jackass who abandoned your best friend who came out as gay. Nice.
Funny you on here talking about the soulful ghetto black people but you on a black site that markets to the ghetto. You know you wish you were black. And if you are black you are a sellout nigga lol. You are just an actor. On here to create arguments and division. I see through fools like you. You came here to play a role. Keep playing it because soon its gonna end. Good day.
gungongoon, you make Britain what it is today, full of cretinous maggots such as yourself. If you cant say anything intelligent why dont you just keep your big fat mouth shut.
You should man the fuck up and read the God dammned books. Then whenever someone brings this shit up you can say well, I don't watch much TV, but in the book...
You all suck, like hungry hookers.
You are a fool and do not understand the flattening of the world.
You racist bitch
You really should get other news sources and get you face out of ther gay mags.
Possibly to get your mother and father, you twisted freak!
You people, as in moronic filth.
All these evangelists are nothing more than money hustlers who take the weak of mind's money. ..I say if you are that stupid, you deserve to lose your money to them.
Other? A virus isn't an organism you idiot. It's a particle. This is why we think you're stupid.
OBFan. Why are you on this board?? If you don't know that the Senate brings up the bill, AMENDS it and then votes on it, you really should be on the cartoon board not here. But do not feel bad, most people that support OB are just as dim as you are.
Fuck that...you force someone to be raped repeatedly every god damn day so your lazy ass can avoid getting a real job, beat her, imprison her, etc etc etc. and yeah every great boyfriend lets their girlfriend turn tricks you're fuckin sick, your mental with this way of thinking. I guess she is out of business if the next pimp knows they are dead man walking...lol... you've got to be joking you can't really be related to this scum bag, may he burn in hell.
accused but not charged or convicted. you libbies make me laugh. especially you dimwit. you are a copy and paste monkey.
faggot
You really should be like the other Lemmings and jump off a cliff.
:disqus LaRaza (The Race), NBP. Nation of Islam, Aztlan to name a few are very racist and very left wing. You guys are just scared to call out a black person or a hispanic for racism. I am not scared to call it like I see it. It is easy to attack whites because it makes you feel good about yourself, you think the minorities will like you if you attack whites too. Be freaking honest with yourself. This has to be one of your dumbest replies ever Crissa. ..I view the world through the eyes of a Native American as you liberals labeled us. All I see is a self loathing person who wants to feel good about herself and have others like her because she cares . Still all I see is a person who sits on land once hunted and lived upon by the native peoples. How many thousands of Indians died so you can live where you live and feel good about yourself?..Your second sentence makes no sense, because even my staunchest enemies never accuse me broad brushing. When I attack, I am very specific about my targets.
Hey nutbag..youre a traitor......Obama has more intelligence in his little finger than your peanut brain........Go to pakistan and spout your venom...youlll be murdered onn the spot...You psychos love to talk about no freedom but you are liars......You have the freedom to speak like an idiot....arent you happy now goofball? LMAO
You're avatar is fail. Loser.
Why don't you shut your stupid mouth, pennylane? All you do is sit in here just waiting to pull the race card every chance you get. You offer nothing of value to these discussions, so why don't you just get lost? It gets tiring seeing your worthless, race bating gibberish polluting these discussions!
You goofy Repub thugs don't have a clue, not the tiniest shred of a fact on how health care works in most other countries around the globe. The US is the only developed country without universal, single payer or socialized medical care for all its citizens. Some systems differ, but all achieve near 100% access to a doctor and hospital at way lower cost than we here in The United States of America. In some countries, people pay some small amount per doctor visit, like a co pay. In other countries, you are covered, no co pay. In most countries, the option to have private health insurance is always an option. This gives the wealthy or well heeded access to some private doctors who want to only see rich patients. Their choice. .But no one, no mom, dad, child, uncle, aunt, grandma, grandpa, sister, brother, business associate, boss, garbage man, ditch digger, or nuclear physicist goes bankrupt from a disease or medical condition like here in the USA. You need not fear the collection agency coming after you because you fell and broke your arm and had no insurance. No insurance company denies your claim or drops your coverage after finding out you have cancer or heart disease or MS. Get it? ..We are in the dark ages of medical care in the US and the Neanderthal republicans want to keep it that way because their wealthy benefactors in the giant Insurance Pharma industrial complex like it that way. These craven business people who lust after profits like an alcoholic lusts for a drink, make huge boatloads of cash and mega profits off us and do not want that gravy train to stop.
True, maybe he's deliberately being an assh*le as a self promotional marketing gimmick, because he knows controversial views will get him attention. ..In that case, let's screw his plan up by avoiding clicks on his articles, and spreading the word to others to do the same. That'll fix his red wagon and it's looking mighty red.
JoelWeltman, you look like a pedophile from your picture. go get yourself incarcerated.
you are both morons and that is never happening
Agree with Alan you are an extremest idiot. You are not American, we native americans are, you are an alien
To engage in an intelligent debate with you is like debating to a retarded person. It's useless. It looks like you're bent on disregarding the efforts of the government.
GO SUCK YOU DADDYS COCK OBAMA LOVING LIBERAL FAGGOT
i live with my dad asshole!!! i anal fuked the shit out of you r mom and your sisters, and made them cry in the process.
You really think shes speaking spanish? You are a fool aren't you?
Hey race baiter take a hike you are a typical idiot
Maybe next time you say it, you'll write You're a moron . ..You're a cretin.
you are a closet, flaming homo
go away you trashy tramp
Wow you attack others and show your ignorance. You get exactly what you deserve. You are one those typle scum bag employees who don't pull their wait and hide behind the union. You make me sick.
Hug a tree FAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!! Folks like you make REAL Men look like, well, Real Men....you are a little sissy girly man who is, right now, twirling in his pretty little tu tu, sending kisses to all the other little fairies out there....Man Up you little p*ssy! Just sayin' queer!
ha ha ha! Back in your dirty Russian hole, comrade troll!
Don't be such an idiotic, rude, little bitch. It takes a hell of a lot of work to run this place, and now that they have taken a break, you are STILL giving them shit?! Stupid. Like Demi said: UNAPPRECIATIVE ASS.
Take your pills. The Voices are obviously taking control again.
You're an idiot.
Oh, you are such an idiot.....you just confirmed that you can't !
isalill are you fucking Norwegian cow face? Fuck norway bitch. Moo moo.
stretch her ass open mah nigguh spit in her asshole and put ya dick deep in it give her an ANAL INFECTION BRUH!!!
STFU you cunt. Not everyone wants to receive IWs cock in their bum hole like you do.
You are all a bunch of wankers for not going, i'd give my left nut to go to this show. Don't tell me it costs too much or some other show is on the night before or, worst of all, it's not interesting enough. If you're not going to one of these shows you're not into metal and you're a gay piece of shit. Fuck you!..Death to all tour please come to Australia!!!
I'm sure she looks better than the sloppy out of shape bitch you call your girl.
FUCK YOU!!!! you only want to suck Phillip's dick!!!
You're dumb.
Your a moron. Go snuggle yourself in potted meat.
Don't try thinking for your betters, idiot. You have more than enough trouble thinking for yourself.
Because the are pri cks like you.
You are intentionally ignorant Dragon.
then get off the internet moron...it's a choice (still)
First of all idiot if someone whipped my @$$ they wouldn't be alive today nore will I go on a reality show and talk about it...if Memphiz did k Michelle so wrong than why is she still talking about it...if someone hurt me I wouldn't even mention their name because that's how upset ill be with them.....judging by your repost to my comment I take it that you're a bitter ex girlfriend who probably got your head popped off by your ex boyfriend....stupid moron h@ting on.Toya's and Memphiz like that....go join k Michelle on the jealous train....tutu!!!!
3057235903 alley a pussy...florida,nigga dnt fuck wit you woe..
Keep talking shit anonymously, coward. It's what you're good at.
you are a mental midget you can't be a traitor if you aren't a citizen.
flushres: Thanks caveman! I appreciate your Neanderthal mentality. You are welcome and good night...
Tell the veterans who did serve and prefer Romney to go fuck themselves , why don't you? Oh wait, leftists have been doing that for 40 years already.
You are a lying son of a bitch. Let's see you post some facts supporting your assertion...
lol wow. so in your mind everyone whos racist is a murderer.. So you're a murderer too? Idiot...
Bigger than the Chicago Tribune and the Boston Globe? Are you HIGH???? I've never even SEEN the daily caller, but I've bought the Tribune and read the Globe. What else you got? And by the way, your blog isn't legitimate. It's a fucking blog. A website. I don't think that truly qualifies, no offense Raw. But even YOU guys don't really count and you know it. IF they don't want to give them a press pass there really isn't much that they can do to force the White House's hand. If they give them a pass it's because they don't feel threatened and WANT him to keep up the bullshit to SHOW the country just what these people's true colors are. Obama and pals ARE NOT playing the race card and never have, no matter how many times the right wing assholes keep repeating that bullshit. But these people keep painting themselves into a corner of backwards assed white power racist uncivilized and uninspiring troglodytes.
In your world of delusion of course.
And Gibbo Still plays WOW by the sound of it, take your mothers tittie out of your mouth and grab a hanky to wipe the shit dribbling down your chin.
I think Dirty Harry said it best. You are nothing but dog shit to me. Alot of things can happen to dog shit. It can be stepped on or dry up and blow away into the wind. So Russell, just beware of where the dog shits you.
These terrorist hiding behind masks are no more than the new Nazis..I would tell all good Americans should review the film Inglorious Bastards ..And for you pussy's hiding behind your masks, I'm Cossack, they make a good target..You should also know that your masks have labled you the enemy. Your age and gender no longer matters. That goes for your females and kids. Dumb Bastards
Us whites don't like coloured people.
man anytime somebody makes a comment (especially one that accurately describes something) there's gotta be one motherfucker to come in an shake things up huh? shut your god damn mouth you fucking DIVA BOY!
dumbass that how you fuuking say it!!!! not spell it dumbass!!! GO SUCK A DICK!!!
If thats what you need to believe go ahead. ron paul is a fraud and you are a fucking idiot.
.Gee. That sounds like great advice. Now here's some for you: Mind your own f cking business, assh le...Now fuckoff..
Nice ass! Gotta let me go deep inside u doggy style! Ima stick u so hard wit my 12 inch that you gonna be bleeding for a week out dat pussy n say you on your period
You're defending that racist Killerman who acted as judge and jury. You suck at his. Go fuck yourself.
On the real shut the fuck up, because you don't even know all the details yet you claim to use logic. How the fuck you gonna use logic, when you don't even know the details. Tell me what city dudes mom father died in? Oh you can't, because you don't know...As for your mistaken supernatural events why don't you share some since you seem to make mistakes using your judgement occasionally.
sounds a whole lot like you are the one acting tough from mommy's basement you pussy....
Satriani? Vai? Adam Jones? Petrucci? Wylde? Buckethead? Hey Rolling Stone how about you guys stop trying to involve yourselves in leftest politics and weak trendy fashion and get back to what you are suppose to do, MUSIC. Another fine example of your piss poor rag of a magazine coming up with another irrelevant list of dribble. The guy from Radiohead? Kurt Cobain? Thurston Moore? The Police Guy? Joni Mitchell? Are you guys retarded or just this lame? What type of criteria do you guys use for this shit? Does holding a guitar once in my life qualify me for your top 100? Morons.
He just likes to suck on men. He is a faggot...Basically a worthless no use human
Stupid fool, maybe you should read the article before posting
You are an idiot. You give real conservatives a bad name. Of course, YOU'D give a saint a bad name. You're an example of the people we can do without.
I know, horrid man, not taking a bundle of something fishy from Karchner. Are you actually as daft as you sound or are you putting it on ?
You're the most depressingly buttf++ked piece of shite ever to vomit their halfassed moronic excuses for the English language on this site. You think you're being clever, but your grasp of colloquialisms and sarcasm are hilariously pathetic. You're a fool. Your posts are puerile and you personally have no value. Nobody here likes you. H ll, nobody here even tolerates you. If these people could recognize you on the street they would spit on you. ..Now do us all a huge favor and go fuckyourself with a chainsaw. Slowly and painfully..
You are a loser. Always whining about the ownership. It is not society's fault you still live in your momma's basement and you are overweight.
is this the first aakar patel article you read? there is a clear pro pakistan anti india angle and bias in all of his writing ever, and if you cannot notice that you are a dumb brainless IQ less idiot. if you do not know about it, then you are an unaware uneducated loudmouth who needs to collect some facts first...tyroinfinzie ... italian scum
Malia, go take an intelligence test so you can see, in black and white, how room temp you are. Then get rid of the dog. Now if for any reason you cannot do these two things then start spelling your name the right way.. I D I O T.
I'm a little fed up with you also. I usually just.ignore your childish petulant posts. You.don t add much to the discussion any more.
we let you in ? Who's we? YOU didn't let anyone in. You are a nobody, you have no say, remember? Nobody that is actually responsible or has a say on who comes and goes shares you're views. That's why we are here. You are a loser. Don't ever forget or let someone tell you otherwise. End of discussion.
look, douchey, how about i holster my cock in your mouth hmmmmm?..like i said, FOX NEWS is number one for a reason...deal with it..and im sure the closer we get to november more and more people will see how much this dickwad in chief has been fucking up this great country...Nothing I say is going to sink in your thick bubble head. If its not comming from the left, then your libtard brain says its lies... so you are helpless
Everyone here (even gays) will tell u that you are a stupidfaggot who is brainless and proves the anti gay cause right.. lol
...: you got that right afro american negro & we don't have respect for negro's who is still a PU CEE to the clans from the south, so they make up an excuse to destroy one another & can't face the klans to get revenge.
What people are sick of is asstards like you. Self deport, mofo!
and you bash me...moron....you can't be that stupid as to make the assertion and have nothing to provide as proof other than your assertion? Maybe you can be and the messaged attached proves it.
Look who's calling the kettle black! Egyptian soldiers have killed some. Shaken down many others, Sinai Arabs have raped women, shaken them down, and even held some for ransom. And you dare to impugn Israel? You hypocritical bastard!
hey carles..hows this sound..fuck off about grimes..shes my fucking girlfriend..and your fucking annoying.. i fucking love her..and your a dick
obj fuck u.......
YOu are one very SICK peron. YOU are psychotic and that is a professional diagnoses by ME. If you continue to your sick post I will have to report YOU and you will be commited to a psyhicatric hospital.
Gays make most peoples skin crawl. You are all fuckkled up.
BYTCH, you sound STUPID as F*CK!!! First off, if those were MY GOT DAMN kids (NOTE: I don 't have any kids,but if I DID,) I 'd be calling my girlfriend up and letting her know that my kids would be referring to her as MOMMY SHANNON from now on, and if the BYTCH didn 't like it, TOO MOTHAF*CKIN BAD.... If her talentless a$$ didn 't have to pay for D!CK, she wouldn 't be having all these f*ckin issues in the FIRST PLACE, but apparently, her same sex game must be awfully WACK, because I 've noticed that she never keeps any man she 's ever been with interested in her for more than a few years...Then she either gets DUMPED or CHEATED ON, and truth be told, SHANNON De LIMA is 100 times finer than J LO is.....and this whore thinks she can stand up and walk on stage and act as if her pussy just gleamin like the damn day she was born. Aint no man gonna touch that stanky fish ass sandwich no way!
Are you stupid?
Thanks cowboy. You can get back to your bashing now because thats about all your good at on this board.
He's an idiot !
You really wow us with such prose... You are so stupid...
mmmm....you better learn to live with us! .We will be the majority, white trash. Or you can go back to your foggy land of the retard royality.
QUE POCA MOTHER DE MILENIO NOTICIAS, SON UN FRAUDE JUNTO CON PE A NIETO, LA VERDAD QUE USTEDES UNDEN A EL P IS, TODO POR EL PUTO DINERO DE MIERDA, QUE BAJO HAS CAIDO MILENIO....FUCK YOU
Let me see maybe it was a deep cut and his doctor told him not to fight.Normal.Person28 I told you before that the doctor was against it,and you still ask the same STUPID Question .Please just learn how to read it helps
You know, of course, that you are just another mac douche , right?
screw you. you have no idea what you are talking about
This guy is just bitching for the sake of bitching. You know how I know? I used to be the same way when I was a miserable piece of shit. I can spot it from a mile away. If I gave a shit what my favorite bands wore, then I wouldn't have any favorite bands. Green Day has outlasted any punk rock band in history as far as reinventing and maintaining huge success.
fuck you faggot go suck your beho panot abnoy's small chinese dick (if anything's left, i heard it was shot off during the coup leaving abnoy with only one ball haha buti nga si panot)
parker had more points, assists, rebounds then westbrook despite taking less shots. How did Westbrook do a terrific job on parker? lol. ..Thunder fans are not very bright
Because too many idiots sue to make money.
don't forget the wh0re that is your mother, and the c um depository that is your wife
Seriously dude, fuck you. I'm catching up on the episodes I missed and now you've ruined the next one for me. Think before posting on the review of the PREVIOUS EPISODE next time. Asshole
start your congressional white caucus and stop crying like a beeeeoch about it.
dumbing down gop, dumbing down gop, dumbing down gop..You have been repeating this every three minutes for hours now. Do you think repeating it over and over for hours on end makes you seem smart?Makes me think someone dumbed you down, but good.
You are so ignorant but allowed to come out and share it with us.
Dont you have a cross burning to go to?
Don't sell yourself short, Wayne. You are a crappy actor and a pathological liar.
it's spelled basement you idiot
Then go away Nobody here wants to hear your bull crap. You're like the flu. Just when you think you're over the worst here you come with your lib talking points that make no sense and just show how d u m b you are.
I know. I come here to tell you that you are a...piece of...shit.
fact: never text a person ever. it will just confirm that you are a big time piece of shit and nobody wants anything to do with you.
you seem to be one of those turd minions I see when I've been playing Diablo
did you mean ' I'm a retarded fuck wrong'? I think you did, now you look like a huge fucking tool
jimbo here think Americans are a bunch of suckers, to follow for the same deception twice in a row. what a joker
what do you mean... he copies every fukicg comment i make idiot!!!!!
, lol what the hell are you on about? you clueless moron!. .Seeing most comments, I dont know whether you lot are being deliberately stupid or its just your ugly nature...
Sir you are an idiot you clearly don't anything about corporate law either in the US or here. No chairman can fire a director that has been elected by the share holders. Only share holders can dismiss directors. ...As regard News Corp you idiot Murdoch only holds 20% of the stock. So it wouldn't be to hard for the share holders to vote him off moron...Do you actually have an MBA or degree in economics if not stop making stupid posts.
Um...in short...you're an idiot. Period.
Ha ha fuck u Wenger, fuck u Gooners.
Ya I'm just a moron troll Do not sell yourself short, you are an idiot as well.
Your life must really suck wpgguy, walk your fat ass into oncoming traffic already ....wpg traffic lol
you are a moron
Dam n but you are stupid.
You are a moron
At least I pay taxes. Regrettably to keep bludgers like you. .My game Ford? I'm a rich prick, made my dough by hard work. You should try it sometime.
ahah UR FUCKIN RETARDED FOR BELIVEING IT..WHO EVER BELIEVES IT IS FUCKING RETARDED AS FUCKKKKKKKKKKKK
Hey moron soonanTX , I hope you wore your favorite Tin Foil Hat when you typed your comment.
some of you morons and your comments are breath takingly stupid. you blame everything on bush no matter how many years ago it was, as if you're all some economic free lance experts. .please, keep posting your silly comments, it's giving us common sense people a good laugh.
I'm The BMF ... who's the bitch now, motherfucker?..: )
i want to fuck your face
Yes this idiot @ Annelli gots to go!!!!!....did you call her a gorilla lol (I'm done)
All of you dumb turds just lost that argument.
more solider? are you retarded?
Are you shure Neil's last name isn't Moron ? Tucker looks like you should get another visit from Jon Stewart
You are a filthy P# IG
Gay. Douch'e turd fuck.
Hey tito decides to talk more crap. Go jump off a tall building you dickless wonder.
the retina display one comes with SSD only big fat liar
Hey fucko, I tried Snafu parts when they just came out,Their tires like the Rimjob and the fat seat they had at the time were fucking horrible.I haven't brought a product since,Word has it Snafu hasn't improved hardly a bit since then.So fuck Snafu and Jerry Bagley.
LOL, I am the adult and you are the childish coward hiding behind a phony username. You are the one hiding behind your mothers computer.
FUCK U ASSHOLE ..START COUNTING YOUR DAYS ASSHOLE, CAUSE SOON U ARE GONNA END UP ON THE DINNER TABLE TOO! ..YOUR DAYS ARE NUMBERED ..EXACTLY 365 DAYS IS WHAT YOU GOT TOO LIVE U MOTHERFUCKER....GOD IS WATCHING YOU ALWAYS AND U WILL REGRET IT AND HE'S WATCHING YOU AND YOUR LIFE S GONNA BECOME SO MISERABLE!..DIE IN HELL U FUCKING DEMON
I love your un originality. ^.^
why are you turning this fun event into a race thing? miserable fuck.
nah but im sure he fucked your mom
You are a lying, libeling, loser.
It's the INTENT that makes it illegal you fucking retard. I think it'd be easier explaining something to an actual chimp than it is to a person with a chimp IQ (you).
I have been watching and playing roundball much longer than you been alive young man. So you need to stop with you ignorant comments about others not being able to read the Full Story . Now you say I am uneducated on the sport. You are young man with a Miami Heat type ego. This has been fun reading your post getting all upset. Too funny, and YOU 1440870071:disqus , you need to grow up.
stupid communist silly billy, the only real thing you know about duck & cover is when you are .giving up your silly faggot ass to comrade obozo and his communist merry men!
Ha, ha, ha,ha. If there is a troll around here, it is YOU! ..Go back under your bridge. We don't need you to garbage up another thread with your BS and non sense. Best president. That is droll. If he is such a great president, then why does he give a free pass to torture?
wow what a shock the douche bag and the pig hated something others like because they are just to simple to understand things. what dumb fucks why do you morons defend this retard and his pig brother when they are obviously to stupid to look past just the images on the screen and read the subtext and nuances in movies. for fucks sake people quit being sheep and think for yourselves
I really want to slap this fat fuck right in his face... WTF is wrong with you wingers? I can't wrap my head around it Sweet Jesus, we gave you guys 8 years to run the country, and ya fucked it up, royally....Now, you want to lay the blame on us? What in the hell? Palin? Romney? Are you fucking serious? It boggles my mind.
It's Trayvon, you moron. If you're going to trash talk a dead kid, at least have the class to get his name right. Not that it matters to you.
You would be the one to know that. But I dont think the color of the cock matters to you as long as you have cock you sick aids infected sodomite. They should charge a cum guzzler like you more for healthcare. the actuary tables prove that your lifestyle choice is a deadly one.
You are probably the most ignorant fake exile wannabe ever to post here, always kissing the arse of Posada & company.
:disqus That's what I find funny.. how people think that because I believe in God, that means that I am supposed to just stand there and take whatever people hand to me. No, I am not out indulging in petty arguments or living ANY kind way. If something were to come my way, it would be because they are LOOKING to cause me harm. My Bible tells me to protect my annointing with my life. =) That's why I feel comfortable calling you Uncle Tom. You are the negro who acts and thinks just as white folks would have you to. They used the Christian faith to make brothers and sisters submit... What people DON'T mention is that THAT is why they didn't want slaves learning to read and write. They might've read that Word and couped! It didn't happen because God has much BIGGER plans for people who have misused His teachings.
What the fuck hahahahahahahahahahahaha. Go shoot yourself in the head or go jump off a cliff. HAHAHAHAHAHAHA you fucking piece of shit hahahaha.
dan amd..You have realy no clue on every single idiotic comment of all your posts.WE ALL DON'T enjoy your stupid PRO AMD B:U:L:L:S:H:I:T ignorance.Please crawl back then in the fat ass of your gay loving buddy charliedemerjian semiinaccurate and try to find the light inside U stupid FAG!..WE REALY DON'T NEED AND WANT YOUR POST HERE ANYMORE!
bitch stfu u prolly smash anything walkin... lame ass internet thug
just in case you need reminding, you're an idiot.
hey bete u sounds like gay.u fucking faggot.shut the fuck up u ghetto ass. idk if u are Ethiopia or nor but thats how it works in ethiopia,
What's pathetic is your ignorance.
Wow no kidding? Thats why its MY opinion Monica you stupid female. Add you to the moron list.
It must suck to be so stupid. Mindless, though controlled libturd sheeple.
No, building much better automobiles. Your pathetic bmw isn't the best at anything while Audi and Mercedes Benz have some qualities to boast. That;s why I call bmw fans like you absolute idiots.
Dip shit, W followed Clintons left wing standard.You HYPOCRITES crack me up your so transparent.
you lie all the time about fucking gwen stafni and make fake questions on formspring to yourself about it right? yea your a loser /// liar.
I'm a liberal moron. I smell cause I don't bathe as Media Matters pays my meager check. I slept in some Occupy Wall Street tent doing coke and getting porked by michael moore. I'm a drone and live in my mother's basement. My only out is posting stupidSHIT here on fox news; I've learned Cut & Paste as my poor logic tells my inbred brain that in doing so, I will CONVINCE all conservatives to REALLY see things my way and follow my lead. I own an obama picture that hangs over my bed. I also own and sleep with my very own inflatable obama doll which I hug & squeeze and love a long time
Now do you see why people call you a moron? You get back what you give out...Go spread your hate to someone else...Hypocrite...LMAO
GO FUCKING HOME NEWBEE. WATCH WHAT YOUR KIDS DO ON THE NET YOU USELESS TURD.
Can you please crawl back in your pathetic little hole. Trolls don't accept you because you're stupid as fuck.
We know what a piece of crap you are so help yourself..You are nothing but pure low life.
To all the idiots in Detroit who bashed me for saying verlander sucks, go get an education because I didn't say that in any form but you attacked me for saying that...is the bad economy making you mad? Lol
Tatum you suck. These drums are better than your mom.
It what way is it hideous? no quad exynos = quad fuck no doesn't even make sense.. Try speaking English.
WOW LOOKS LIKE TWO WHITE GUYS. WE NEED TO BAN ALL WHITE FOLKS FROM MIAMI. JUST LIKE YOU WANT TO BAN HIPHOP MEMORIAL DAY ON SB..THIS MUST BE OBAMA'S FAULT RIGHT. U DUMB ASSES
You ain't a physician. You are a physical idiot.
Look at your name. Of course you don't think Rondo was under him. You're butt hurt by the butt fucking they just gave to your team.
CAUSE YOU ARE A PHUCKING LIAR
:disqus Your post is a fucking joke.
I see you and your sister got together to have a couple of kids......
You parade your ignorance like it was a crown for all to see, a most pathetic puke you are, America Hater!!!
So your Stupid Ass Wouldn't You Dumb Fuck!!!!!
Tolerance? For dictators? I never said such a thing, and I never would. You bring shame upon yourself making excuses for tyrants and murderers.
dan amd..You have realy no clue on every single idiotic comment of all your posts.WE ALL DON'T enjoy your stupid PRO AMD B:U:L:L:S:H:I:T ignorance.Please crawl back then in the fat ass of your gay loving buddy charliedemerjian semiinaccurate and try to find the light inside U stupid FAG!..WE REALY DON'T NEED AND WANT YOUR POST HERE ANYMORE!
yeah like you know me, faggot ass nigga
dan amd..You have realy no clue on every single idiotic comment of all your posts.WE ALL DON'T enjoy your stupid PRO AMD B:U:L:L:S:H:I:T ignorance.Please crawl back then in the fat ass of your gay loving buddy charliedemerjian semiinaccurate and try to find the light inside U stupid FAG!..WE REALY DON'T NEED AND WANT YOUR POST HERE ANYMORE!
Those engineers are for mobile processors... as in for iPhones..... 1000 engineers working iphone ipad processors/ ..You are clueless for not reading before you post crap :/
See three other people wih IQ's lower then you clicked like on your comment!..Congrats!..You are not the dumbest one on the blog!!
You are a complete jackass to blame the Mayor. Get a life!!!!!!!!!!
You are not ready for this show and you new this before you started you a punk and do talk BS behind ppl back get courage up let the black side come out
retired soldier..I remember the time when being gay was considered to be a mental illness. In the military we used to throw you creteis in the slammer...ah those were the days.
Would someone who regurgitates and parrots the sheep line from the tape recording really understand?
Fontaine123 your an idiot.
I'll try not to miss this!..And fuck you title
Boy, you are puerile, aren't you?
your all talk; if you saw a black man in the street your pale ass would run the other way. you stupid racist bastard.
dan amd..You have realy no clue on every single idiotic comment of all your posts.WE ALL DON'T enjoy your stupid PRO AMD B:U:L:L:S:H:I:T ignorance.Please crawl back then in the fat ass of your gay loving buddy charliedemerjian semiinaccurate and try to find the light inside U stupid FAG!..WE REALY DON'T NEED AND WANT YOUR POST HERE ANYMORE!
Shut up you stupid ho. LOL
you just proved your ignorance.
Get your facts straight idiot, 70% of crim is NOT committed by black people, what a buffoon!
OH SHUT THE FUCK UP YOU CRY BABY BITCH! GO CRY A FUCKING RIVER AND TELL ON ME SOME MORE TO THE ADMIN! REAL MATURE WAY OF HANDLING THINGS CRY BABY!
YOU ARE ALL A BUNCH OF DUMB FAGOT TINFOIL HAT WEARING ASS LICKING COCK SUCKING MAN TITS FONDLING PUBLORDS
There's team SEC again. You're a Kentucky fan. Go away.
F**k you man. Who do you think you are you poor c**t. F**k you, f**k your mother, f**k your father, f**k your wife, your children and your life. You are f**kall P***face.... Go f**k your hand. F k your dogs
Vacman, Foxtitues is lame, corny. I know you are proud of yourself for thinking you invented the term but I have seen it in other folk's posts. It just makes me groan. I also don't like libtard, Rachel Madcow, etc. These terms are tiresome. And you need to quit watching CNN, MSNBC, Anderson Cooper, Ed Schultz, etc. You really need to develop some views of your own.
This kinda fucked up thinking is why you need a civics lesson... you have no understanding of simplest concepts of democracy.
The only language you understand would have to penetrate the walls of your rectum and vibrate your eardrums.
so u a real bitch can u take dis real polish hotdog i got for u
no, it didnt, your comments just proved even more that you are a self absorbed pretentious asshole
You seem desperate and psychotic.. go away.
I'm asking quellepotat a question, you stupid son ofabitch! Why do you keep hijacking everyone's post? Do you think you know it all you a s shole!
Haha. A black kid was shot by a hispanic and you still find a way to blame whitey. Your ignorance is astounding.
Fuck yourself.
AND YOU DESERVE TO DIE
you are an idiot
WHY YOU MAD FAGGIT. YOU LIKE DICK? .FUCK FAGGITS FUCK YOU
You are such an asshole it isn't even funny anymore. You must be one of those people that is near impossible to be around and who corrects people when they say less instead of fewer. ..People like you never make it very far, regardless of how great you think you are, because you are impossible to work with and a complete snob that everybody tends to dislike.
Let me guess, your a UGLY FAT ASS WELFARE COLLECTING CAUCASIAN, correct ?
are you (hate to saythis word)...retarded?
Alara cant go kill herself what the sick she looks like some fagget in girls close and no alara you would not be the perfect juliet so go die!!!!
Are you always this stupid or just when you are defecating on the internet?
You call people racist & idiots, yet you say you are mad that your momma wants a nice black p*nis in her life you sound like the idiot to me......loser
hahahahaha. What a jack a $ $ you are.
You blowing someone 100 times doesn't make you a better c0ck sucker than if you blow someone 10 times ..... bottom line you just blow
Hey Chris, if everyone thought like you we'd be wearing swastikas on our ass. You little pussy!
looks like more Obama nut juice on your face punk
stick that up your ass fruit cake. You get no tolerance and you get no special rights. We are not required to give you jackshit. I'm sorry I used the sh|t word. I know that gets you excited like a fart does...the homo mating call.
Like all fools on this site, you aren't intelligent enough to understand an intelligent person, you dolt...!
I do believe that :disqus & :disqus are the same girl with two different accounts .. the same sick mentality ... trashy and trolly
Try training for a job that makes you too important to treat like that. Hamburger flippers are a dime a dozen.
This is one of many reasons why you are the face of failure.
You don't deserve a call honey, 'cause you really are a slut, and like your mom, you'll do anything for money.
Funnyjunk are a bunch of assholes.
You are a total idiot. You are probably unemployed and will never be able to find a job. I'm glad you won't be able to figure out how to vote so we don't have to worry about you on election day. Do you just sit in a dark corner 24 hours a day, or do you just act like you do?
make your own sammitch bytch and I don't need porn I got your fat mamma for that
Mayne, SHUT the F*CK up, HOES.....You hatin heffas are just mad that JONESY can see her cooch and doesn't have to use a mirror tied to her foot to see how to wash the mothaf*cka!!!! You fat, ugly, STANK, Weave wearin' BYTCHES are a GOT damn mess!!! Now don't get me wrong, Jonesy needs a better stylist for her shyt too, but she STILL looks better than the majority of you wack a$$ed FAT hoes on here......
hey s c u m bag...................you are a phukin MORON.................you and your kind are irrelevant!!!!!!!!!! be afraid jack a $ $ be very afraid !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the end is near for your messiah !!!!!!!!!!!!
You should be soundly thrashed, trash.
Idiot
You arent real smart are you? . .cacoethes scribendi
there is something wrong with you. I hope something horrible happens to you
shut the fuck up faggot keep ur comments to ur self and get off my shlong cuz i dnt roll dat way u fucking dick rider made me get ignorant even tho i knw ill neva see ur bitch ass fucking computer pussy
Only an unaccomplished unemployed bed wetter who lives with his mom would boast about how many disallowed posts he made. A real over achiever, isn't he? It's very telling. ..FFS, he's so excited he p ssed his pants...that is, if he WORE pants.
You're still an idiot.
I think you are a chicken fucking moron.
You don't even have the file, this is a fucking scam. I piss on your vip member, god damn rice eater.
YOU are the idiot fresh 2 deff and probably a friend of Treys since you never posted here before this. Storm and everyone else who is offended by this inhuman loser are regular posters. So you can come here and Tell us how to think? Your the real loser along with Chris and Trey.
Your mother's a whore Trebec.
Gently pull the tampon out of your pussy and stop bitching... Bitch
Are you a mentally weak flagger bagger stuckinstupid?
LMFAO AT YOU!!!!!!!! WHERE IS YOUR RECORD CAREER GOING DOG?!
You're an idiot.
you with the 'racist' screen name..you are a PieceOfShit
you are stupid
Nope nope nope. You betcha has never lynched anyone. Are you really this dumb?
fuck off bitch, stop the fucking spam this is a fucking lie and you people are fucking retarded..work done here.
dan amd..You have realy no clue on every single idiotic comment of all your posts.WE ALL DON'T enjoy your stupid PRO AMD B:U:L:L:S:H:I:T ignorance.Please crawl back then in the fat ass of your gay loving buddy charliedemerjian semiinaccurate and try to find the light inside U stupid FAG!..WE REALY DON'T NEED AND WANT YOUR POST HERE ANYMORE!
You know that sound you hear thumping in your chest? No? Right; that's because you are clearly heartless. You're more vile than those you are gloating over.
Her fucking trap should be sewn shut with a very stout thread this POS barbara espinosa.
Do not talk to your MOM like that you stupid omeba.
I have a big dik you should suck on that loser
Did you actually know her personally or are you always this nasty?
PERVERTED IDIOT. IT IS TIME TO ( ) YOU FOR THE REST OF THE NIGHT!
just another one from the Odumbo crowd
I don't think anyone deserves a second chance when it comes to squandering taxpayers money. That's tantamount to treason in my mind because you're betraying the countr you are supposed to have deicated your life to..Once someone has acted in a corrupt manner, I believe it is all to easy to repeat that behaviour..My opinion though, we'll see if Cele's licked Zuma's a$$ enough over the years
you're a moron
Good riddance you special pile of human excrement.
NO....YoU An iDiot...
to dummy scummy adam caith..stop twisting history, you despicable fool. you are soon choking with your own lies.
you are a simpleton. lawlz
What is your porblem with the Cuban Community? If you have not realized that we are the majority and that we are the one that rum this County is because you are realley an ignorant. We are better that you and your people because we have displace them. If you berlieve that we are going to take this insults from you without puting you in your place, you are dead wrong. Why don't you go a fly a kite or do something more compatible with your level of stupidity. You are only a litlle dog barking against a very large Community that control most of this county. We do not need jerks like you here. If you hate us so mucho why do not move out of the area or better why don't you drop dead Animal.
May I assume, trutxn , that you are a revenge hungry simpleton, and that my comment caused you some discomfort?
Nobody was talking to you so fall way the fuck bakk little girl ..
Look.dumbfuck. I am just pointing out the asshoIe's hypocrisy in calling out other people's errors. If you want to defend him and suck.his.cock then go get a private room together and have some decency.
you people are disgusting
You should be fucking killed! Your ignorance disgusts me!!!
Take your meds and go back in your cave.
LOL!!! Fuck da vidz.... u sissies trip me da fuk out wit you all ''rebuttles'' smgdh
If that is your talking point you have just displayed your ignorance.
57 states.Corpesman.Polish Death Camps..I'm telling you this guy is a blithering idiot, if he weren't such a narcissistic creep, he would know things.
Jimmy you're full of crap. You did set up Jessica why don't you just admit it. You should get fired too just like JLo and Steven Tyler. I hope you get what is coming to you you dirty old fart.
ALL you see is blk and white. You are pathetic! You also lie. You DID NOT have slave family members! I call you on that lie now.
Hey, Bertone, you're the certified liar here. Your saying others continue to invent fairy tales and repeat legends would be funny hilarious if your fairy tales weren't so deadly to the poor kids under your wicked influence. You and your church are a damned disgrace. SHAME ON YOU.
fuck you matt hatfill fat bitch nigga
Aas opposed to an EUloon mentalcase like you, sob?
The reason you don't have a job is because you suck at English. ..Read your 2nd sentence...derrrr!
You are an idiot.
How the heck did you survive from your mother's abortion?
....and you're a faggot who sits at home, watches his clip and feels the need to feel important...CONGRATS
have another bottle of Ripple and go back to your drunken slumber.
Complete suicide dumbass. You are wasting oxygen and space that a rat needs.
You are a complete idiot! How dare you make such a disrespectful comment toward someone who has died. What is so funny about it? Do you really get off by making these childish and hateful remarks?
You are an excellent example of how repulsive libbies are. Selfish losers to the core.
You are an idiot
you are hallucinating again, please go back into your box.
You are a true schmuck. What jews are living illegally in Africa?
You're not very bright are you?
you seem to be the one with the rage there grandad.Jesus why dont you chill out for once,maybe you really are too old to be on here... RJ SADLER has A 2ND account as DOC MADDEN .He's also nearly 50yrs old ..so be careful kids!!
Perhaps you should go back and re read your posts from June 8th. Or would you like me to copy and paste them here to show just how much of a LIAR you really are?
you sir are an idiot
hehe you're a dumb@ss.
Why would Diplo sign such a terrible rapper??? This Orion chick is really bad too. Next time you walk down your street, stop the nearest person and ask them to spit 5 bars. 9 times out of 10, you will have found someone better than Riff Raff. Guaranteed. .Zebra stripped glove??? What is he? Some sad cross between a Micheal Jackson and a LMFAO wanna be? I hope some one shoots him before he starts polluting the world with kids as retarded as he. Oh, I'm Sorry! That's an insult to retarded people.
You are an asshole if your in tampa with your ron paul crap I hope that nobody hurts your feeling.
you idiot d point is nobody has the right to inflict abuse on your daughter even f you left here or not. Your giving opinion like a bastard rapist
Oh, please quit. You're scaring me! C'mon sissy boy, you know your boyfriend won't let you come out in the desert to play. You wouldn't know what to do in the desert anyway. If you haven't got your bf's schlong to suck on, you wouldn't know what to do. You just keep on sukin' and sit'n behind the keyboard talkin' shit. That's all you liberal fags are good for! heh, heh!
This skinny little faggot as Commander In Chief....you have got to be kidding.......he would not last 5 minutes at Parris Island.
YABBA DABBA DOOOO HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA YOU'RE RETARDED
Id be more embarrassed if I was a zombie voting pole climber that was unable to think for myself with the personality of a cabbage. A bit like you really.
you're all fucking morons, happy? now shut the hell up jesus its like watching the special olympics.
It's because you're an Obama slave..................
he meant the kid passing his dad the ball without looking, you cynical bastard!
you are a fool and dont make sense, try spelling properly aswell
agreed same can be said for you...whore
I don't need ups I joined the military to get away from the bullshit they talk about..they talk it I actually got locked for it..wasted 3 yrs of my life because of that stupid ass mentality..I know your type too..a fuckin wana be..punk..whatever else you wana call it..you envy stupid shit and expect people to take you serious..fucking bum
Thanks for explaining Professor Knucklefuck
Please you have a tiny dick and your mom sucked it
This nigga trash..If it aint about shine or clips,fuk em..Harlem stand up
You are an idiot.
wow. you are incredibly stupid.
Ooooh, that jungle love they give us is SWEET!!! ===================================Yepper! You were born and raised, in the jungle by apes and monkeys! When you go to the zoo, the FIRST place you visit is the monkey section!Remember, tarzan the apeboy? You are apes and monkeys. What was his FAVORITE pet...the monkey! Remember that white bitch, that lived with gorillas for 18 years? HUH? Her name was Dian Fossey, a zoologist/zoophilia. What about the white bitch, who was sexing her monkey, that ended up tearing her face apart? REMEMBER THAT?CUT THE HAIR OFF A MONKEY; YOU WILL GET A HONKEY, i.e., thin lips, flat red ass, slumped over, big ears, funky stinch odor, and are easily trained!Now, go back to the jungle with your monkey/ape family! lolJUNGLE LOVE...you got that right! Y 'all caucasoid monkeys LOVE apes and gorillas!!!beastiality = 1. Sexual relations between a person and an animal, including intercourse, masturbation, cunnilingus, frottage (rubbing), anal penetration, or having ones genitals licked by an animal. 2. A synonym for zoophilia, but a distinction is sometimes made between bestiality, a sexual act with animals, and zoophilia, sexual arousal from contacts with animals. BYE, MONKEY BOY or tarzan, the apeboy!
no i am not..... but for you to go threw all that trouble to create a name, saying that im gay......you must be a fuking fagot who has no life and wants attention....get a life!!!
Anoel Gotta go do real work but I still want an anoellment from ya. You are a waste of humanity . : (
I never said I was smart. In fact I'm a complete moron. Which goes to show just how stupid you are. CBS, NBC, and fox sell advertising TIME. The billboard owner sells advertising SPACE. All sold to the advertisers that want to sell you their crap.
Hey, Jimmy: go fuck yourself.
tool..The difference is that I don't go around trash talking in android articles!!!!..Are you that fukn stoopid!!!??????..I never read android shit.... Damn ur such a fukn idiot!!!..Your idiocy has literally upset me!!!!..How can a human be that fukn stoopid??????
still spewing your ignorance i see...........phuk off jack a $ $ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Rightasshole. That 's why all those people were ki//ed. Because of your calming effect. P i ss on obama.
Asta luego ayi deje unas hijas de puta radrando como perras qu son a chingar su madres y clone m tete un balazo puto no tienes vida. Saludos desde Texas fuck you hating ass fags 18 wheeler driver out here!!!!!
Hey moron JOBS ONE , the Hispanics already know that this doesn't provide a pathway to citizenship. ....How long do you think it's going to take for you to figure that out???
Please ZuluShaka shut the eff up before you embarrass yourself further. If you can't do it for yourself do it for the kids you may have now or some time in the future who would disown you if they found out you are this dumb. Please shut up for your own parents who would hang themselves in shame if they knew they spawned such idiocy. Shut up for your spouse who may not live with the ridicule if het friends found out she married a lunatic. And please shut up for the teachers wavakarova nerekeni uchitiza chikoro. Please shut up.... log off the internet and go into an asylum
...you son of a bitch.....YOU SON OF A BITCH!
Wow! Are you the posterboy for ignorance run rampant? Try a spell checker. I don't know what you can do about your syntax, except go back to school.
He's an idiot
You are a drone Go back to your complaining and hating dung beetle.
And you're a fag, just like yo daddy.
Jesus Terry, stop going on about how much you earn and your mythical fucking payrise.....We get it, you're a cunt, now please be quiet.
just reading back over you old comments and i am finding it very hard to find even ONE where your not being a total prick to people..YOU ANGRY OLD MAN!!... RJ sadler has another account as DOC MADDEN he's also nearly 50yrs old so be careful kids.
Now when you jerk off to his picture, you don't have to worry about doing prison time.
You sir, are an idiot!
Ol girl in the purple would get it with her fat ass, lookin at her wooble that ass made my dick hard. I'm jus sayin...
He'd find an @$$ clown like you if he did.
Damn you get stupider every day. Poor guy. =(
It only takes seconds for you because you aren't a hot piece of ass that some ghoulish gloved TSA freak would like to molest.You're such a fucking cunt brained witless piece of worm puke.
that bitch nipples was sharper than a sharpie, them shits was pointy af
Are you employed? By whom? You're talents are wasted at whatever you do, I'm sure of it. lulz
Pfuck you, Media Matters troll.
Nice attitude, you disgusting bigot.
And what b l a c k ( ock just slapped your fat a , Cowgirl ?
Doubtful. I am 5'11'' 175 and very well trained..You are merely a pathetic c0ward
Where you see anaything I said about reppin base anything? bitch ass nigga
Are you crazy? Yes.
BettyLou,.Get your head out of the sand and begin acting sensibly, like liberals.
You fucking suck
this is wat u call a skank ass trick ass jumpskizie u aitn shit but sum stank pussy and u make my black queens look bad kill yo self ho 4 da love of fame bitch u sellin yo soul and yo pussy grow da fuck up and b a fuckin mother das y ya stupid ass gotta child as it is cus u cant put ya ran thru pussy away and be a fuckin role model 4 da youth. damn grow da fuck up skanks of da world
On the the other hand, go fuck yourself, asshole.
dude fuck whatever u are on its made you completly retarded your mama was what was stale
Howard You're such an idiot!!!!
Here is my jock strap... I'll hike it, you suck it douchebag.
probably throw his elbow out swinging it like a pussie he is.
are you retarded?
Inflamer!!! you need a f cking bullet in your stupid head, and i will be only toooo glad to oblige free of cahrge of course you big moutn racst idiot
You finally came down from your jungle tree.
racist?? haha am i bringing down anyone's race?? im not even mentioning any lol.. dont make any random excuses dude if you cant say anything.. just fuck your mother's pussy out its much better ahaha
Why don't YOU commit suicide and make the country a better place.
Ha ha ha!!! FAT, UGLY, WEAVE WEARIN BYTCHES CRACK ME THE HELL UP!!!!! Look bytch...If I choose to F*CK WHITE GIRLS, THAT IS MY CHOICE TO DO SO, and YOUR FAT, FUNKY, overweight A$$ doesn't have any input on it whatsoever....I'll ALSO add to the fact that YOU admitted to chewing d!cks for a living, FAT BYTCH....(Don't forget that I can (and will) pull YOUR comments up, seeing as I've done so a bunch of times before, FAT HOE... iF ANYONE'S pathetic AND GRASPING AT STRAWS TO REMAIN RELEVANT, IT'S you, FAT HOE.....
Pretense?..Only you leftarded, batshit crazy troglodytes would have a comment about race when in REALITY it's all about his socialist/marxist/facist bullshit way of governing...You idiots can't come up with anything better of a real argument other than playing the race card. YOU ARE PATHETIC!!..Besides that, you don't know me at all. How do you know if I'm white or black, or if I'm latino or asian. YOU DON'T!..Try again you mouthy little punk!
Are you really and idiot twisted pathetic illiterate redneck or just plain simple mentally disturbed and delusional?..You are gonna have some surprises in the (near) future..Be prepared to what will happen.....in your country...You really think Romney is different!!.ahahahah.(no problem, there are people who believe in Santa, some believe in the Easter Bunny....ahahah)
fleeboi...BUT MY SOCKS WAS DIRTY WHEN I STUFFED DEM IN YO MOTHER MOUTH TO KEEP HER QUIET, WHEN I WAS FUKING HER DOGGY STYLE!. WHEN I PULL IT OUT HER PUSSY AND STICK IT IN HER ASSHOLE THERE WAS BROWN SHIT ALL OVER MY DICK AND I ASKED HER TO GIVE ME A QUICK CLEAN WIT HER MOUTH FIRST THATS WHY HER PET NAME IS DOO DOO MOUTH BITCH
This PEYOTE IS FREE! moron posts in every weed related thread. You're not going to tell us where you harvest your yeild, (not that I blame you) so why don't you just shut the fuck up and go eat some of it, idiot.
You are the epitomy of trash
That's the Teabaggers who are creating the police state , fucktard. You lose....yet again.
No, I think wimmin talking about treating looking as wolf whistling (see related articles) and being wolf whistled is as hurtful as being groped, slapped and of treating all sexual violence on a par is thretenening half the population's liberty...But what would a feminist understand about human rights or justice?!
Excuses are like as$holes and you should go suck a fart out of one.
This is what happens when local news channels, KSL, KUTV, KTVX, KSTU reveal the local's best fishing places..Advertise our wonders, our marvels..It's all money driven. Capitalism at its finest. ..Unless you are very wealthy, you're an ignorant fool to vote for RICH politicians at election time.
your pathetic attempt at a joke belittles the horrific violence done to another person while reinforcing the stereotype that conservatives are racist (or maybe you're a liberal trying to make conservatives look bad). congratulations on being a piece of shit..there is no indication that this woman died because of the color of her skin; the color of her killers has no bearing on the beastly nature of their crime.
Only racist here is YOU!!!!!!!! Take your racist statements and FUCK OFF!
GOOD NIGHT BUSHFUCKER
Shut the fuck up coward. Get lost and that includes the brood mare who bore you. To raise an insipid, selfish little shit like must have made he quite a great mom.
Thank you for whining and not having enough intelligence to go elsewhere for your news if you don't like CNN. Oh wait, I really don't think anyone should thank you for being clueless and annoying.
exactly.......little ole crybaby can call players names like troid.....but then turns around and calls people classless or haters..BIGGEST HYPOCRITE ON THESE BOARDS
You are free to leave whenever you like tinkerbell. Maybe the Kossacks or HuffnPuff is more your style. Why don't you go over there and complain about their lack of balance?
Idiot.
More crapple stuff for the fanboys to jurk off to in their mom's basement.
Why would you talk about Moses like that? Slap yourself right fucking meow!!
Mr Moron why dont we place your desk and you on the moon obviously you are already braindead and will not suffer for the lack of oxygen What planet are you living on dunderhead? This man Obscumbo is no doubt the stupidest man to ever sit in the oval office legally or in his case illegally..A sheer bonehead and you are absolutely correct, the government is moving in the wrong direction!! Are you starting to accept and acknowledge responsibility for your pathetic fiscal insanity over the last 3.5 years Mr Bonehead In chief?
Take five minutes to do your own research.
Are you really that dumb? No wonder these idiots still get votes....the ignorant morons that believe their B !
Baseless insults is all you have to offer. And you wonder why the Liberals lost the House in 2010 and will lose the Presidency in 2012. Extreme comments like yours may inflate your fragile ego, but they only alienate independents. Keep it up. People like you are 0bama's biggest weakness.
You are one lyingsackofSHIT, shicklgruberjr! It says NO SUCH THING, you stupidmotherfucker. It's just commentary on the Bible, you ignorantasshole. Nazijerkoffs like you don't know ANYTHING.
You're an idiot (my intolerance of your idiotic opinion is intentional).
You seem very unintelligent...
you are one stupid idiot.
holy fuck, does it hurt to be that stupid? fucking hardcore retard.
FOUR MINUTES? CHIMPING OUT AGAIN. HE WAS SHOT IN THE ONE MINUTE RANGE FROM WHEN GEORGE HUNG UP. PROVE IT THUG
You would know alot about rolls, fat boy
You are an idiot.
four2goJust nowin reply to 45ACP . ................and YOU just PROVED MY point!..That your a no nothing stupid bitchh? I sure as heII did, didn't I!
haha it was all fun and games and checkin out nice cars all you people saying street racing was going on is blind and your a loser computer junkie get a life live a little if your not doing anything wrong your not doing anything at all L O S E R S get a life drive your civic to the library where u L O S E R S meet to do your reading hahahaha
So you are the Queen of Trolls? You should create yet another username and call yourself that, then.
You gotta be retarded.....
Well it takes an idiot to know one!
gurnemanz1, you are a weasel working with the Israelis.
You are the retard..The Falklands are 8000 miles from this dump..What is the picture of?.Your Cat?
Did you really just comment this? Your mother must be so proud. What a loser you are, DJR.
Hold it, a woman is a man without an erection? And you're saying women like anal sex? Do you mean to say that you are trying to have sex with only transexuals and transvestites is that what you're looking for? I bet you a fuckin homo asss tranny for sure! tryin to stalk me. Bitch Imaputit, truly I'm a smack you so hard your teeth fly out then tie you to the back of my car and go on a long stroll through the hood . I'm pretty sure this article concerns earth bound humans. I do not know what species you are referring to in your comment.
They certainly can reproduce, they are not sterile you idiot.
It's easy for cowards to be internet thugs and post stupid stuff about an opinion. That's all I'll say about your ignorant post! Seek knowledge and you shall find it someday!
Lol opinion? Nah boo, you are stupid. Please read all of your comments once more, copy them, and save them until you're old enough to comprehend the fact that you're ignorant and stupid. Have a nice day.
People like you are a complete waste of time and I really am appalled by your ignorance and your anti Semitic hatred. I pity you when you stand before God... and you will one day, whether you believe in him or not.
He will never be ashamed. Lefties are amoral so they have no shame. They think patriotism is quaint and soldiers are tools...Wonder where these assholes would be if it were not for those they hate so much.
I guess you're not used to conversing with someone with an IQ greater than a 5 watt light bulb?
Audrey, your idiocy about Israel's strategy, is simply your idiocy...Of course Israel is appalled by the deliberate targeting and murder of civilians, brainless cretin.
you can't even spell you idiot .you would watch that dumb shit
Youre an idiot, ellen
EI. TRUTH BE SAID. U R THE TRUTH. FUCK AKATA PPL. THEY ARE JUST SLAVES. LOW IQ'S
Shut up, Michelle! You and your communist husband are nothing but parasidic scum. Go back to the garbage can you came from and leave the United States of America alone. You are both impostures stealing from the American people. Nothing more than corrupt and evil trash!
wtf u talkin bout....here go another pussy internet thug with no photo on here talkin shit as usual...go to sleep pussy nigga
I hope you all stand by me when I say this .Zroth shut your mouth you ungratefull bastard .I'd like to kick your teeth in dreamteam dev bigboss and many others are breaking their backs to .Get us the new tool and if we must wait a little longer then we will I am very grateful for all they have done thus far so keep your pathetic whining to yourself you arsehole in fact do the world a favor and go and slit your wrists you pathetic little worm .dreamteam bigboss dev and all the hackers doing the job good work fellas keep up the good work and thank you again for all the work you guys have done this far
you're a hater
You are a pig!
Like i mentioned i'm fucking bored, girlfriend is working through blogshop. I agree with those easy money, by just selling every piece of worn shirts or craps to other people. Its not as easy as it seems, she gotta travel here and there just to pass buyers 'USED' items. r. So now im alone with her younger brother in my girlfriend house while she is out to meet buyers. We surely drifted apart because she had to entertain blogshop for 24 hours 7 days. And time we had just decreased tremendously . r. Now, her little brother, JAVIER, 5 years old is the worst kid ever in the history of worst kid. HE HAS THE SMELLIEST ASS A LIVING THING CAN IMAGINE. Shits in his pampers for more than 12 hours and he still refuse to change and de 'AROMA' simple fill the air. This is deadlier than snorting cocaine. He is fucking rude and have no discipline at all, he is just a useless brat. Seriously, i just hate him. Enough said ..
Yes, his first term is...and it's on to his 2nd. Time to get the nails out of your brain so that you can think clearer...
Get back under your sheet...or better go hang yourself.
GOD is watching you and he will purnish you die in hell faggot
Are you high?
I am sure you believe yourself sincere...Just like you believe yourself smart, and your version of reality to be reality, does not make it so...Which actually makes you a dumb ass, Jack.
Oh, Vicky<2, you are not the one to speak about errors in English, are you? You are so stupid...
You are looking for attention because you were dumped by one of your relatives and feel lonely. Inbreeding is not all it is cracked up to be is it?
you are truly stupid. your opinion is just that, but it is coming out of your A*** .
Yeah lets blow up your special place of being when your not there. Scum.
You Dems,,,your leader is Old News,Like You.Hes done and so now Your Done. Hes yesterdays buisiness like you and your foolish party of misfits that dont stand for America
Ordering police to stand spectators? You must be thinking of Congressmen like Jagdish Tytler, who comes from the sekoolar party. ..Over 300 were killed by police firing in those riots, and it's well known. The fact that you see an opportunity to spread slander and lies says volumes about you.
UR ALL PENIS SUCKERS
Trent is just begging to have the drool slapped off his brown chin
You described yourself to a tee. As for ditch diggers, you wish you were smart enough to be one. Now I don't give a damn what you do that's way below being a ditch digger, whatever it is you know you are not worth a damn at it. As being a teabagger, and fox. Oh no you don't, you kicked out of the alley cur. I am a 100% cspan watching liberal, democratic voter that simply loves the ground President Obama walks on. However, unlike you. I call it like I see it, not a water carrier. Now run along and do whatever old mangy dogs like you do with you wasted days and night. And do it so more.
Haha you're so cool what are you a 5th grade English teacher
No, Vicky<2.... wrote the pathetic and pathological Beckerhead...Do you really think that we care what people stupid enough to follow Glenn Beck and self deceitful enough to rationalize his lies opine about?..Do you? Are you actually that self deluded to think that we don't recognize you for what you are, a childish flame warrior obsessed with every comment I write?..Anyone can see here that you're obsessed with me. Guess you can't stand someone who exposed your hero as the liar, hypocrite, ignorant reactionary propagandist that ignorant and gullible people like you support...As a Beckerhead, you have gall to insult anyone's intelligence.
you are an idiot
HELL NO! I bet you did about shit though when she told you her plans.
You are just plain stupid and for that, there is no cure.
So, those died in those churches were not innocent? Tambuwal I dont blame. I know from time that, you are BH too. Northern he goat. Better go and settle your problem with police. All the noney you collected from farouk, you go vomit am oooo. Foolish and very ugly monkey.
You are all disgusting retards. Go to Fox where you are welcome
You are still a pathetic, whiny child who wasn't disciplined when you were young. I blame your parents.
so i guess you retarded libturds want to ban christmas carols from schools, because you don't believe in Santa. you morons should be baned from breathing.
Paul lee and you are trolls.
That's funny! I bet you can't get a citizenship. You probably don't even have your G.E.D.!! hahaha You Apes speak english and then you have people that become doctors from other countries that don't even speak english! Just look at you! Typing like a baboon, all in capital letters. You should appreciate that you were born in the U.S. otherwise, you would never attain citizenship. Whos the 31st president? You don't fucking know stupid ape.
You are an idiot!
Are you mental or just trolling? I'm from the same fucking general area of Canada the entire population blows Nickelback. The band makes me more ashamed of being in Alberta. I'm a progressive socialist living in an extremely conservative area and a shit band pisses me off more then that. The fuck!
I apparently did not make myself clear. You're a typical White racist, Teahadist, Fascist, Wing Nut dummy. You guys almost sank the ship and now you want a mulligan. Well that's just about the most masochistic, selfish thing ever. You don't get to fail again. Admit it the GOP does not know how to Govern. Period. You screw it up every time you get behind the wheel. Your license should be suspended. God why did you have to include GOPers in the grand plan. You threw Adam and Eve out for biting an apple, these toads, cut down the tree.
manny didnt get beat. you are fucking stupid
your ugly and your sick daughter dresses you funny
Omfg how many trolls are here ???? When will trolls learn..#fucktrolls..#trollssuck
Do you have any idea how fucking ignorant you sound? Reluctant Registard.
Much like you and some others on this site. You are a hypocrite little girl.
Actually, I don't think she expects a call. She is merely proving a point. Your lack of comprehension makes you look like the f..ing idiot.
THROW STRIKES YOU INBRED PIECE OF SHIT !!!!!!!!!!!
Did you stop molesting children?
Didn't expect any less of you, scumbag.
From all of your other comments on this site, since when are you a responsible one to talk?
LOL Whiny bitch, she deserved to be punched in the head!
You need help for your obsession and you need it STAT. These blogs are going to make you cringe when you realize how sick you are.
It must make you hard to be so much smarter than everybody else. If you want to pass on knowledge, leave your own ignorance of human communication at the fingertips and just answer the damn question. You're no better than anybody else
Oh man. You (and your kind) are what's wrong with this world. I mostly laugh, but when I see for myself that there are actually people like you out there, I pity our species.
Mr. Clooney,. You sir are a joke. Don't you understand that no matter how many ways you wrap a turd, it is still a turd. Get a clue.
Don't be mad at me, gays. Be mad at the gays who gave you your AIDS.
Your filthy mouth says much about you.and even more about those who raised you. ..YOU'RE A FILTHY PIG............
And you think I care about YOUR opinion?! WHO GIVES A FUUUUUCK!!!
FUCK U LA!!! NABEY!!!!! U BO LANGCHIAO!!!! MOTHER FUCKING BITCH!!!! U TELL SUPER JUNIOR UNTIL LIKE THAT??? U JUST SOOO JEALOUS OF THEM LA!!!! WTH!!!! U ARE A MOTHER FUCKING BITCH DO U KNOW THAT??? U JUST BEING A RACIST HUMA ... NO MONSTER WITH NO HEART!!! WTH!!! SAYING RYEOWOOK'S VOICE IS NOT NICE ??? UR FUCKING VOICE IS SOOO RUSTY LA!!!!! FUCKER!!!! GO EAT SHIT LA!!!U ARE WORST THEN FATS!!!!
Clueless like all your postings
Lapid's an idiot. I rest my case.
there is no tamil areas in srilanka. is there any black americans areas USA. mind your own bisness hole world hate you as americans.better u stop steeling from others. if u no money eat some shit with tigers.
If you aren't Jewish, then you are a fool.
You are acting like a fool....don't forget to put your sheet on before leaving the house. We can all see you then...
Umm... Debbie isn't #HopeAndAlgae a bumper sticker? Get the heII off my computer you femme a gogue
you can suck my dick
You stupied ass, now remember don't use your cell phone or your computer because alot of components were delvoped in Israel. Ban her and her stupied book from Israel. Let the bitch sell it in gaza and the west bank her Palestians would love to buy it.
The US never attacked Cuba?..You, sir, are a moron...Is this one of facund's many user names?
I'm certainly no fan of Obama, but your blatant bigotry will only be counter productive because it just makes you look like a complete f*cking moron.
frank are you a turd
6'4 Damn you a LITTLE Big Bitch, you still gonna toss my salad I got the PB&J in my ass waiting for you
THIS IS WAHT THE MOD GETS FOR DELETING COMMENTS... STUPID IDIOT
You are a pathetic bigot.
go back to storm front you racist retard
Your IQ is obviously under 130 since you're not familiar with the flynn effect.
You're a dumb turd...other than that, have a nice evening. ;)
ONLY ONE DEWING DA SWITCHIN IS YO MOTHER,SHE SWITCHED FROM FROGGY STYLE TO DOGGY STYLE WHEN IM IN HER!. COULD YOU HEAR HER SCREAMING IN YOUR LIL PISS STAINED BED SITTIN NEXT DOOR IN YOUR SMALL ASS TRAILER? I KNOW YOU DID BECAUSE THEM WALLS IS NOT EVEN A INCH THICK AND THE WHOLE DAMN TRAILER WAS SHAKING HAD TO CALL THE FIRE DEPT TO JACK THAT THING BACK UP ON THOSE CINDER BLOCKS WHEN I WAS DONE
You don't intimidate me you two bit bully...go fudge yourself you low life low rent douchebag.
Hey look! It's a woman who's down and out and living on the streets. And your reaction to that is to stalk her and humiliate her publicly? What kind of sick fuck are you?
Fuck you all, motherfuckers!
I love this blog but its comments like this that make me think you're a pretentious comedy douche. ... It seems to me that when a majority of critically lauded network sitcoms. have female leads and you are a person best known for being friends .with Jimmy Kimmel, being on The Celebrity Apprentice and Dancing with the Stars, and hosting a podcast, well, you should shut the fuck up about who's funny and who isn't. ..He definitively best known for The Man Show or his podcast that was once the most downloaded podcast on earth. He also wrote a Book that debuted on the NYT best sellers list. Don't try to downplay a mans career because you disagree with a comment he said about women in comedy. Corolla is a paid comedian with over a decade of being prominent in show business he is allowed to air his opinions on comedy and say who is funny and who is not.
no, what is pathetic is your attempt to communicate in the english language. also, your over reaction. you must be one of those catholic boys fooked up the ass. and you like it!
dunno but I won't let one of your stupid fucking posts go unanswered while I'm on trb..you thought DZ was a douche...just wait bitch
Grow up you stupid mongoloid. Christianity is just as disgusting.
Holy Gee Willikers, your depth of knowledge and thought has been revealed! How can anyone debate such a showing of intelligence. You have earned this, it has been determined, you have brought this on yourself, you leave me no choice..................................you are dumb.
Too bad none of you are worthy of carrying his jock strap.
Lol veloce, i had to go, thats why i let you betray me :).Fuck. You. :)
no, makemud, i don't like you, i don't believe you, i don't even believe you still have your manhood between your legs. you are a phoney, made of mud.
Stop crying C's fans your time is up.
Why don't you go take yourself deep loser
did dude a lame, you got spalshed, big deal, you in a pool, really? u want an apology. he can't even fight, you threw him in da pool. you lame, bitch ass, n then u ran when he got bak out, bitchass nigga....u would have gotten served if dat was me, lame!
Yeah, need to get some fucking nuts before tonight's episode.
Lmao noone goes a damn what ur country says. And actually not it isn't more offense it just makes u look dumb . And correction FUCK YOU.
and you're not a bigot because .....?
Your dumb
WHAT A FUCKING ASS NACHO!!!!!!!!! And YOU sir are awesome :D
fuck u faggot.. who the hell are you to call a county shit . u gotta be a bastard. get your self fucked.. u base born piece of shit..
well i did...so you're an idiot.
I Fucks wit real niggas u kant keep it g then u shud be dropped period nigga
Because this guy is so fucking clueless that he has no idea what 'irony' actually is.
that is a lie, do your research,ass wipe, her parents a well connected DemoCrap dick suckers
You are such an idiot. Not that I disagree with this particular post, but nevertheless, youre a bafoon. That is all.
You must be the biggest idiot I have seen make a comment in a long time. The guy is on life support and will probably die. And the good ole boys club is going to let him get away with murder. And you justify it? You are slime.
shut up you are stupid dumb ass when you have stupid comment like this keep them to your self john . Detective conan is the best of the best so shut it up.
From what I have seen it's run down, dirty, unkept. There's no reason why it has to look like this IMO. Paint, picking up trash, mowing laws doesn't cost a whole lot. ...You're right. Get off your lazy ass and do it and stop bitching about it then.
He can be on DRUGS, Mentally disabled, or just a big time fag. So who the fuck are you to call me an idiot?? STFU
What a boob you are.
you just saw the 4chan thread today faggot
dis nigga wack af everybody dat watch battle raps was dick eatin da boy like he was gone spazz on dizaster lmao this battle rap scene startin to get water down like mainstream rap....... nigga got his note pad like he reading scripts from a movie or some shit eminem death you a min ago #skitfuckindaddle
I personally think most of your comments are the garbage, but you're a troll, so i think it's pretty normal, you can't change your nature.
FANS ARE SOOOO BLIND DUMB. refs handed game to spurs??? THUNDER MADE two more free throws than the spurs (19 to 17) AND SPURS STILL WON! shut it haters
No...God is not a doofus...A self loathing failure of a human being like you is a doofus...A pathetic, lonely doormat of a person with no social skills like you is a doofus...A semi literate moron without even the most basic of writing skills who is clearly out of his league like you are is a doofus...Shall I go on, Cupcake? You're just too easy.
That crazy b*tch was Irish you idiot.
Pretty boy shit, fuck yall ugly ass niggas know about it ? if you aint neva spent an hour in the mirror don't talk too me
Yankee fans pay no mind to RaysDad..He's a troll and a true coward.
Piss off you sniveling little turd.
Some one sounds jealous that their stupidly over priced piece of shit that looks like a brick doesn't have an operating system that sounds as yummy as it is advanced! I guarantee you any android phone out there that costs within $100 of any iPhone you've ever owned is more powerful and useful without a doubt. Everyone talks about the guy on bath salts that eats some hobos face but what about you isheep that are on bath salts?! your just as bad and just as ignorant!
Fuckin idiot. Branca so fuckin idiot!!!
No, you are just a moron.
fuck u and your moma bitch
Yes I would whore and I'll fuck you in your stinking black shitter as well cunt rot whore......Try washing your fuck hole slut your cunt slime fucking stinks
Send me ur sister so i can fuck her vergin ass. ahaaaaaaaaa
And you're another puppet of the Marxists spouting the same anticapitalist fair share nonsense as your forebears a century ago, with your ironic, look how intellectual I am granny glasses and poorly grown facial hair, whining about Faux News and the Koch bros, living in terror of long dead robber barons and the corporate oligarchy and rubbing one daily out to your well used copy of Norma Rae, then patting yourself on the back for being one of the smart people who gets it ...Why don't you pack it in, hit the bricks, don't let the door hit you in the ass on the way out because nobody's buying your constant insults, effete superiority or tired leftist garbage here......and you can jam that commie fist up your fudgehole for good measure. Just try not to enjoy it too much. .....Sorry to be so indelicate folks, I've had it with these lefty morons. They don't even make a token effort at factual debate anymore, it's nothing but you're so stupid , you're a racist and various assorted leftist cliches about corporate overlords and fair share , etc.. that were tired and laughable to everyone but the densest of college freshmen 50 years ago.
fuck ya news people saying aint got my lil girl dumb fuck's she is with us and them story's r two different story's dumb pussy's fuck all ya mother fuckers making us look bad and saying it waz facebook bust no dumb fuck's it waz a song that got us in this shit so fuck them two news cast people... get ya shit straight b4 ya post dumb mother fucker's .
Shut up and go back to your liberal cluster f u c k. Your boyfriends are waiting for you.
You are an idiot
DUMB BITCH..!! DUMB BITCH..!! DUMB BITCH..!! DUMB BITCH..!! ..What an oppa's slut you are..
Yet here you are, posting. Hypocrite.
If only YOUR mind was a couple of molecules less simple so you could be literate enough to spell a single simple word.....correctly!
Wow you are truly an idiot. Just shut up. You know nothing.
You're calling ME stupid? Um...o..k.....
Anyone who says you know what is a fucking jerk.
Suck my dick
* YOU'RE SO LAME *. GET DA FUCK OUTTA HERE FAG BOY !!!!!
You are so nieve.
Oh your just so intelligent .and quick with the quip that your reward..you qualify to smell my ass
I wouldn't even know where to start you are such a fucking ignoramus...
I have a feeling you are even dumber than you sound.
put your weak azz handle up first beetch
Hahahahahaha.....classic..Ever think we just come here to laugh at youassholes?.Nope...I bet you don't..The only thing you're going to see in November is Obama's big bl ack dick hanging in your face for another four years..LOL......priceless...
you are a moron
odd you post this you critize me every day ... via email...via pinterest...via twitter...wherelse? via south station...btw everyone there are just as big of losers if they condone your relationship with a married man...whore
Things get too hot for me? YOu mean when a pack of reactionary attack dogs write 3 6 deceitful, personal attacks on everything I posts there?..Naw; I just posted another comment, so you can respond with your routine, idiotic and deceitful Flagged for smarmy content, and lies. FYI, they don't seem to give a shit about your inane and immature knee jerk reactions.
YOU DON'T HAVE ANY FRIENDS DO YOU. TRY DICK IN /YOUR MOUTH .COM....SOMEONE THERE WILL LIKE YOU
you think people don't know LMAO! but what's sad is you should be proud of who you are...why are you hiding that you're a lesbian?...that's the real question.
Still think you are a soulless, talentless hack
fuck you rascist muthafucka....the only uncivilized ppl are you rascist fucks. get a grip whites blacks latinos etc. all act the same when pissed the fuck off wrd....watch ya mouth b4 you end up dead wrd tho
Don't go changing your mind like some fucking pms ing girl . Yeah, this is beautiful, not sexist.
Caveman only a true idiot would put links to foxnews in their reply. You also probably look in the mirror and tell yourself your good looking. What a d bag. Today as we celebrate that so many of our men and women have been killed in needless wars maybe you can take a minute to reflect on the part you played in their deaths.
LOLOLOLOL. YOU SOUND LIKE AN IDIOT.
are you fucking kidding me? you deserve to fucking rot
Wow, your mom's a cunt.
you are the biggest idiot ive seen here and ive seen many. you need your medicine and as for your love affair with oddesa girl shes a man! for real a gay man!
I hate your fucking liberal cocksuckng mother fucking ass more than you know. Stop the trolling and I will too.
when you cry about a 1st place team you are doing everything wrong as a fan.. not saying you personally are the one doing the crying but if right now you are being a lil b!tch so you get huddled in with that crowd
Back under your rock.
heyhey! Big Pine! I was just thinking about a guys comment about how negativity is making people leave. I thought well, I have actually noticed more abundance in familiar names, and less random names. I bet the same people are still reading articles, and just staying out of the feedback comments. That sounds like a good thing to me. Those people were probably leaving stupid feedback, and didnt like the reality of what people thought. Also, (if) they were able to be chased out, they were probably only half a$$ interested, and frankly, those arent the kind of people I want leaving feedback for our genre...Anyway, it is good to see you, and a bunch of good guys, out here. :D Then there is you know who :D Dumb as he is, at least he refuses to be run off. I saw him leave a competent Spidey comment the other day, and got 10 votes for it. Maybe he has potential. Sadly :) I guess I have no choice but to see if he comes around...and no that was not a joke about his horny carl wack off profile.
go drop dead with your tramp ass wife and your bastard kids.
LOLOLOLOL Look at you. You're an old man and your only social.life here. Oh,LOLOL Pathetic.
And so, Dummy Bob, is there a reasoned foundation for you post, that is , other than nonsense
sorry forgot the biggest cunt linker fuck u to cunt linker asss liking cunt
Are you high right now? no other explanation for your useless comments..
Just another piss ant rambling ... he be!
It's either you are upset because you know you're gonna lose OR your PMSing o.o
dan amd..You have realy no clue on every single idiotic comment of all your posts.WE ALL DON'T enjoy your stupid PRO AMD B:U:L:L:S:H:I:T ignorance.Please crawl back then in the fat ass of your gay loving buddy charliedemerjian semiinaccurate and try to find the light inside U stupid FAG!..WE REALY DON'T NEED AND WANT YOUR POST HERE ANYMORE!
will someone throw Stuckey a scooby snack or a joint and shut this perv up.
The first Rove lie is his opinion that the Obama immigration ukase is illegal. Now, I could prepare a thorough refutation of MM's ridiculous legal analysis. See, I actually understand these issues. I've dealt with more complex issues of agency enforcement discretion. I know what it is and what it isn't. (And it isn't this.)..But that's really beside the point, because anyone with a brain knows that Rove's opinion can't even qualify as a lie. I really can't believe you are this dumb. Or why I bother. Which I will now stop doing.
You are one really thick ldiot.
bitches shut ur face!
, you are one deluded idiot, that has got to be the STUPIDEST comment i have ever heard! What a complete and utter plank you are!
reading comprehension difficulties I see. Thats okay there are remedial classes you can take.
you don't even know what zionism is you ignorant fool.
Trolls all over the board. There is special place in he ll for those who dance of the graves of good men. Go share a beer with the terrorists, more your style, buddy.
All of y'all sound like some lil bitches! Yeezy this ...Yeezy that...are they gonna...are they not gonna drop....man shut the fuck already. Every last one of y'all acting like some hypebeats. Pull your skirts down and your pants up and stop wettin yourself for a fuckin pair of shoes!
DONT BREATH ON LEHUMBLE, YOU PIECE OF SHIT
Bla, bla, bla. Grow up little boy. You seem utterly clueless.
Ive got news for you Mary..Ed little lord wimpleton please dont smack my legs again you big bullys the guy that kids steal sweets off Milliband..will never get the top job..so all your efforts here are wasted..go and preach to the converted..:)
You're really an idiot!
You're dumb as hell anyway. Look at all of your grammatical errors, it's obvious that you're stupid! That's like saying, 'Oh people don't murder people, I've lived around people all of my life. I've even grown up in the house with them. How could a person murder someone?' You stupid idiot, one person is not all persons just like one dog, or your two mutts for this matter, are not all dogs! Hate stupid, ignorant, uneducated, dumb fucks like yourself! UGh!
You're an Obama dic suck er. Slurp, burp!! Yep, that's you.
YOU shut up Nazi
*your. i swear you're an idiot...
You are stuck on stupid with that comment.
We are discussing insurance, not hospitals or doctors, you moron...I know you are a liberal, and as such have a very tenuous grip on reality, but come on man.
sod foot ball all i see is sluts r us
how many of yall would NOT be this way if you were one of the best in your field and all you ever got was people talking shit about you! Had he held up the fight last night, what would be said? they would be talking shit about him. I got way too many issues to deal with to worry about how cocky this dude is or if he should lose all of his money, cuz most of you broke paycheck to paycheck living muthafuckas WISH you had a 4th of his money.
I though that Mental Health would already have been a 'Core Part' of of health services. I suppose we'll have to read all about it on the FG website, just like the 5 point plan that he kept diverting people to during questioning prior to the election. Get lost Kenny. You're a disgrace to the teaching profession, and to the TD profession.
You are a coiled up mass of hate and filth.
HUH, DID YOU SAY YOU WERE A LIBERAL MORON?
Actually your version is completely full of shit.
'She fucked my boyfriend while i had something to fuck.' So your just as bad as her you dumb fucking retard? S.H.U.T. U.P! Girls make me sick to my stomach, jump off a bridge already. Your twins.
You're not impressing anyone. Just making a fool of yourself.
Hey you idiot you forget that inflation helps WE who have debt. It's a two edged sword. Real GDP may remain stagnant as NGDP rises, but you will gain wealth as your debt to equity improves in your favor. Don't act like you unerstand economics because you took an intro class your freshman year. Huff puff
I am so proud of you females, not like the ones year! most prostitutes in the str, everywhere, even schools, maried anything goes. terrible people here in santarem, the police psp police, are rubbish, no security, they want me dead! yes I am from jhb maria the molunga . tell everyone there .there is a officer fucking alves his name, he is a pig, a women hater promotes women violances. I HATE HIM; SAW HIM JUST NOW; these pigs do not allow me to log in unto my mail or anything, because these pigs want to win tonight
Or do you just like watch fat bald men eat penises?
the mods arent your friends.....quit sucking up to the jerk offs.
Your statement only shows how stupid you are.
Can we see a picture of you? Are a stunning model? Doubt it very much. Your probably some fat troll sitting on their ass at their computer eating junk food.
Up yours scumbag.
Sure you would Sparky SURE you would...Have a nice day you sniveling little coward.
.The winner here is the Asian kid it's amazing how he stood up still. Those kids are fucking pussies. And they are all white talking black fucking idiot. Go fuck your selfs you no talent pieces of shit
He is not black. You are so stupid you can not understand that ! He is a racist ,you are a racist ,and both of you are losers !
When you are able to prove the existence of god, then you can come back and rant about evolution's failure to disprove god's existence. Until then, you are just another ranting and mindless christer for whom nearly everything, especially sounds in the night, are frightening.
Sen. Adam P. Ebbin (D Alexandria), Virginia s first openly gay state senator calls us normal people homophobic..all right gay boy...stickin up a mans butt is normal...I say you are a sick piece of garbage..
dicey.. then you really are as grotesquely stupid as your comments suggest. ..That is not possible...M.
Speaking of being inbred, how's your mother doing?
You are a disease.Hope you die soon.
Moron's more like it.
Hug it, you fat, bucktoothed, Frog!!!!
Dana....you are such a stupid bimbo. That made you the perfect Bush stooge and it makes you the perfect fox fake news news stooge. But, I'll give you this much....... nice ass .
Take you meds, go lie down and die.
Get a life you whine like a little girl
I bet you don't have the nerve to post your real name. And before you say you don't either , I'm not the one making Nazi/KKK remarks. You are. SKANK!!!! And yes, I'm a white guy.
Dude, go take a Midol and go back to class, you are already demonstrating that your mind is rotten because of Tebowmania.
JoeApe did the room you grow up in have lead based paint on the walls or something?
Don't worry you little empty head over it .......... Just go back to wiping your ass on your hula hoop.
Some of Ya'll are dumb as fuck.... These are All Strategic moves by 50.!!!!! he got blacklisted in the game for multiple reasons 50 couldnt go around making amends with everybody but he knows people cant deny banks talent.. Banks Ain t stupid like game and buck was 50's cut from a different cloth not everybody can make moves on that level otherwise everybody would be doing it.. thats why buck and game both were begging to be back in 50's company.. all the moves that made banks a star were all put in place by 50 everything he learned about business moves and the game came from 50 he took him 19 off the street corner and made him a star he would be a Dumb muth fuka to ever forget that... I could see branching out and doing your own thing but to turn your back on 50 would be a bad move.. banks isint that dumb or un loyal...
You are an idiot.
Lana, you're so full of shit your eyes are brown. ..No... they're green. Like emeralds. How did I never see that? Lana, your eyes are amazing.I mean, not compared to your tits, but...
You ain't lying let the :disqus nigga tell you we some mothafuckin heathens
Looks like that little Cut n paste job has gotten a little dog eared. Maybe its time for a fresh look at the facts. Oh shit, I forgot facts are fungible in your world....
You are full of hot air, just like Romney.
Please, go away lazy lib. Educate yourself them come back. God I hate lazy, uneducated, jealous libby losers.
And you s***ing lots of dicks!
You see, you're stupid.You'll probably get shot next week or overdose like a dumb fat lipped monkey. How sad that I come from the Philippines and I'm smarter than your ape ass. You people were much more useful as slaves.
Are there no periods or commas on your keyboard, os is this how you were taught to structure a sentence? Let me guess, you went to public school on the really small bus, didn't you?
That comment made zero sense. ..Nice try, retard. Get the fuck out of here. Nobody knows who the fuck you are.
You are such an incredibly ignorant piece of
Yes, you are a Nazi. Any other questions?
You may not be a hypocrite but you are an idiot.
Faggot ass little boy .
Cher, you are such a loser, and an old one at that!
your comments are always gay, writing in all caps is gay, your picture is gay, you are a puss. you can say whatever you want there's a reason why the only person every liking your comments is yourself.
First of all, I was there and none of that happened. So stop lying. Second of all correction to your last paragraph: This is a response of a man furious that assholes ruined a community event. ..Once again, go fuck yourselves you hate mongering dipshits.
hey whoever you are, don't have the guts even to come out with your real name. So your comments are useless garbage and people ignore them.
You are blind, deaf and dumb, now go back to bed.
You are a dopey cnt. Pakistan is a complete waste of time. Like you smelly Indian fkers. Go back to your sh it hole of a country
Why don't you and loweeell trade phone numbers so we don't have to read trash...how does one idiot top another...try to get it!
Hey, Scrotorum, dislodge that teabag from your throat and swallow some truth you are insane
Exactly how often did your daddy r pe you? Weekly Hourly? You're the most depressingly buttf++ked piece of shite ever to vomit their halfassed moronic excuses for the English language on this site. You think you're being clever, but your grasp of colloquialisms and sarcasm are hilariously pathetic. You're a fool. Your posts are puerile and you personally have no value. Nobody here likes you. H ll, nobody here even tolerates you. If these people could recognize you on the street they would spit on you. My best guess is you're the result of unprotected buttsex between your mother and the family dog. An abomination with no justifiable reason to exist...Now do us all a huge favor and go fuckyourself with a chainsaw, Sparky . Slowly and painfully...Let's all blow this pathetic troll a big sticky sphincter kiss!!!..MMMMMMMWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!... ./ /). ..,/ ../. ./ ./. ./ /' '/ ` . ./'/ / ./ ./ . ..('( . ~/' '). ..' ../. .. ..... . . . ..(. .. . ..
If this message board is so filled with barking and silliness then what by God is someone of your stature doing posting here ? Are you slumming for the lord ? You are certainly not upholding a position of superior intellect. You certainly are not acting like a priest or a saint . More like Lucifer stirring up the s%#t. A smell that becomes you and your kind.
Too bad your liberal education failed you....you are a product of the liberal moocher society.
No, he DID. He told me and that is a FACT. That is how fucking stupid this asshole is...
Dictatorship, I think you'll find, is the preserve of the left. You know, Hitler, Mao, Fidel, Mussolini, Pol Pot, Franco, Stalin......If you think the idiots on this blog who are calling for a dictatorship are right wing, then you're just as stupid as they are.
Your moral compass is stuck on idiot. Just saying, lol
What up my bitches? Don't be haters y'all...Oh, and a fuck u very much for the both of u...Tea bags anyone? Fuckin idiots
Do your homework before you talk shit, faggot.
Q: Why don't you go out there and do it if it's so easy? Make some money while you're at it?..A: Because it's not that fucking simple!
LULZ do some research on Nike some time.. ..you are a moron.
You're about as useful as a used tampon, but not as smart.
Fukc, you're dumb!
I think this bitch needs to get a checkup by her doctor real fucking soon because she opened her asshole with no effort
With your sick obsession and your mind on nothing else but your c ock and whose ass you're going to put it into next, you can't understand anything.
Go study up on econ 101 and get back to us when you know what the H#LL you're talking about
I thinks you sounds lika real stoopid mofo, iffen I was to sees you hangin ona corner I would be wantin to hurt you real bad.
Isn't it fun to try and cover up evil, you bastard!
but you are an axleslime obama flea just puke garbage like obama does
You should talk...you ARE a stalker and so is your dental receptionist loser girlfriend! tTwo ugly yucks.
How is being anti pedophile and supporting the right of a parent to defend their child out of touch with the majority of the world?..I think maybe your circle of friends are all pedos and it's you who is out of touch. Get some non pedo friends and you'll see.
suck my dick.suck my dick.suck my dick..go to hell. faggot.
Talk about a stupid comment... You dont know where to start? Start somewhere, anywhere... My mother opened a pharmacy in 90 days at age 64 18 months ago... Ooooo the Obama boogeyman made it soooooo hard. You are a whiny little pion.
That's because you're a moron. So your analysis is that the mother of the victim is the real jerk ? Moron.
we have been sinking under Krugmans and his ilk's platforms, for 45 YEARS....What proof do you need?.Nobel prize?lol.They also gave the peace prize to Obama who has now committed us to more wars then BUSH!.The credit down grade happened because of our DEFICIT you TARD!.Get your facts str8!.racist baiting is old and tired. The libs are the racists thinking that the judiciary has the power to grant minorities of color their freedom, when they get freedom from their CREATOR!.You are a loon, a big racist libtard loon.
The easy part about Walker pissing me off is he arbitrily takes away a bargained for right. Then sits back while people like you, who know nothing about unions, do his dirty work for him. Why enjoy being a pawn?
Another inferior leftist with no substance. Is that all you got?.... the car thief? ....sure sign you're losing. But then again inferior, leftists like you never address the facts of the issue....that's why you're inferior.
Hey right wing moron NOamnestyEVER , you should hang yourself after you kiss a Muslim like your war criminal hero Bush.
Is that why Obama has borrowed more money as president in 3 years than any other sitting president in US history?..You are delusional.
Didn't condem that did you? But yet you cry like a girl because your master was interrupted. Loser
Lmfaooooo.. U pathetic son.. This must be what you do for fun..the highlight of your day.. Go on Wshh and write MADD shit on ppls comments.. Hahaha I pitty you child..u one of them bitches wit no life ..nobody wanna hang wit u.. Cuz u lame ugly ass fuck.. Fuck outta here fall the fuck bac..
I didn't donate, but each time you say this same stupid thing I am even more convinced you're a / /!qq3r racist faggot dick sucker !
and I thought Dem's put up their presidential kneepad after Clinton left town.........Guess not....so tell us.....u spit or swallow?
:disqus you CNN. Censor my :disqus a little more, please.
dude ass.... den wen he came to 106 wit that lame ass song, he was even asser...... how u get a neptune beat and yo flow all fucked up...... nowadays i guess ranting on twitter a get niggaz to listen to u but u still want get no buzz cuz u ass...... den this nigga was on 106 lookin lik Hawaiian soffy jay z.. lik dat one dude said, he must not heard ab soul and school boy q cuz they way hotter den him....
Then why do you continue to watch it if you are only going to cry like a little bi*ch afterwards? Answer: You're a pathetic momma's boy whose crying for attention.
You are just wonderful. And stupid.
EAT A DICK YOU NERDY LOOKING BASTARD
He didn't do anything to take away guns, even from buffoons like you!
Go back to your nerd table. Better yet, a shallow ditch would suit you fine
You are an idiot
I have no fucking problem tell a dumbacking day to rant about how stupid your ass is.
You are a poor excuse for a human and one of the reasons our country is going down the toilet!!!!!
Garbage overload. Stop it, Peasemold, you're confusing yourself!.I never heard so much old s**t in my life.
YOU'RE ALL LOSERS F YALL
You are also stupid!!!! Geeesh!
you are a frightened infant who never saw combat. What a young little punk!
I'm so tired of some people cramming their religion into other people's faces and being so noisy about it. I thought you were supposed to pray in closets. The first commandment should have been Don't be a dick.
You are an idiot. Romney is not going to give someone making 20k at 60% tax rate.
No, people have a right to speak, no matter how stupid they are.
You are a first class idiot. There should be a reward for your arrest.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH, HE IS A LOSER!
kingfisher192 ...........come on, name the lies! You tool, you never even heard the man's words. You are just doing what little abused trolls do.....follow orders.........good little slave trollbitch!
yeah you pussy with your team jordan track jacket on...weak ass lightskin nigga
dan amd..You have realy no clue on every single idiotic comment of all your posts.WE ALL DON'T enjoy your stupid PRO AMD B:U:L:L:S:H:I:T ignorance.Please crawl back then in the fat ass of your gay loving buddy charliedemerjian semiinaccurate and try to find the light inside U stupid FAG!..WE REALY DON'T NEED AND WANT YOUR POST HERE ANYMORE!
This is a scam. And the loser that made the video was caught masturbating in public. You are all so stupid.
Another dumb comment. Put America first before your idiotic views
Go use google simpleton, that's how the word is spelled. You dense democrat!
Obviously the comic books you read have done you no good. I bet if your keyboard looked like crayons you'd almost sound intaligent.
Give up jamal jrk off, I would never possibly waste time trying to communicate with an extraordinarily juvenile 49 year old, lightly educated racist. You are probably some angry house bound loser sitting there with your stupid, bigoted comments, lashing out at the Black people whom you know to be your superiors. You really couldn't be more pathetic.
Leave your email or phone number and maybe you 2 twits can meet up and beat each other up. tough guy talk online is cheap. go ahead and man up midnight train and do the real thing. dont be an internet pussy! fight him in a ring. dont talk shit DO IT!
